Tim Sackton: Okay, so we begin
Tim Sackton: underwater
Tim Sackton: for
Tim Sackton: back
Tim Sackton: the dwarves.
Tim Sackton: And well be, I think it's the first time you've ever actually been able to breathe underwater.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo has his cloak.
Tim Sackton: and Dalith has just recently learned to
Tim Sackton: short term transform.
Tim Sackton: But for the rest of you it's a strange experience as you begin to sink into the ocean.
Tim Sackton: and having dived off the folding boat and quickly folded it up in this strange
Tim Sackton: 5,
Tim Sackton: not exactly a dead zone, but a a zone where there is
Tim Sackton: or there was no wind, no waves.
Tim Sackton: a place where Kenzo could sense the J, both close and far away, indicating to you that it was probably
Tim Sackton: on another plane. But this is where the portal is.
Tim Sackton: and as you dive you very quickly begin to sink
Tim Sackton: down from the shallow surface, where everything is light.
Tim Sackton: into the deeper.
Tim Sackton: darker water, and as you go down maybe
Tim Sackton: 20 feet
Tim Sackton: you can see below you
Tim Sackton: how's the music volume? There.
Mike Sackton: Tiny tiny bit, high.
Tim Sackton: Okay, I thought it might be a little odd.
Tim Sackton: you can see below you as you begin to drift into this
Tim Sackton: this almost last, like
Tim Sackton: border in the water.
Tim Sackton: you can feel the stillness of the water around you, and then the
Tim Sackton: currents that are swirling as you begin to drift down, but then swirl around you
Tim Sackton: and begin to
Tim Sackton: pull you into this
Tim Sackton: barrier, this
Tim Sackton: feel, this
Tim Sackton: protective bubble that
Tim Sackton: keeps
Tim Sackton: this portal safe, or keeps
Tim Sackton: the world safe from whatever might come through this portal.
Tim Sackton: You're not sure. But as you get pulled into this, you you, looking around you, is looking through
Tim Sackton: like a blurred glass. As you fall into this current the
Tim Sackton: the light above fades to this pale greenish light, even though you're maybe only 30 feet below the surface 25 feet below the surface.
Tim Sackton: and below you you can just see again, even though the ocean floor is only maybe a hundred 150 feet below you
Tim Sackton: through this
Tim Sackton: swirling glass current it looks
Tim Sackton: blurred and distorted, and you can't make out any details.
Tim Sackton: So as you drift into this swim down.
Tim Sackton: seeking the jade seeking your goal into this
Tim Sackton: current.
Tim Sackton: Let's first take a moment to
Tim Sackton: describe each of your characters as you
Tim Sackton: are experiencing
Tim Sackton: gills.
Tim Sackton: possibly for the first time.
Tim Sackton: Who wants to go first?
Mike Sackton: I was trying to gather my thoughts for the other questions you asked.
Mike Sackton: Just give me a minute to think about this one.
Mike Sackton: Me.
Kate Sackton: Well knowing that they were that we were going to be plunging into the water. Risk. When is
Kate Sackton: has her hair braided tight in a single plate that will not obstruct her motion or her new gills.
Kate Sackton: and
Kate Sackton: she weighed the the weight of the armor
Kate Sackton: that she usually wears.
Kate Sackton: and its benefits protection versus its detriments of mobility.
Kate Sackton: and
Kate Sackton: thought, well, you know, probably not going to be a lot of hand to hand combat, anyway. So less armor than usual, and
Kate Sackton: just
Kate Sackton: finds the dark.
Kate Sackton: You know the
Kate Sackton: cool sort of from an incentive
Kate Sackton: cave life, and under the mountains. So, even though breathing water is very different
Kate Sackton: kind of likes. This vibe.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Think. Well, he's also sort of
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): stowed a lot of the gear that might otherwise be carried, or might have been.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): as the
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): short sword and bow and arrows strapped tight and close in a few things in this fashioned Kenku armor to
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): look to be like emerald green, and
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): covered in sort of worked motifs of
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): ocean scenes and fish, and all these the
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): ocean life of the green sea, though not of this ocean
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): halfling trading ships.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This detail, worked into the armor.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and is
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): eyeing the portal to another dimension greedily.
Eric Rosenbaum: At some point. You wonder where
Eric Rosenbaum: Seeker has got to? Just not unusual.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's because he's been fumbling around with. He's sort of
Eric Rosenbaum: swiveling about a little awkwardly in the water, because he has an enormous bulbous
Eric Rosenbaum: backpack, which is all of his possessions, sort of sealed into a spherical bundle on his back.
Eric Rosenbaum: and he's fumbling with his the gemstone goggles, thinking, maybe these will help see underwater, but it goes poorly, and he
Eric Rosenbaum: gets a bit disoriented for a moment, and has to
Eric Rosenbaum: doggy paddle back to rejoin the group.
Mike Sackton: Dallas is
Mike Sackton: not
Mike Sackton: eager, maybe, like
Mike Sackton: Well be seems to be, but is
Mike Sackton: also not.
Mike Sackton: does not seem uncomfortable or UN
Mike Sackton: sort of unsettled by growing gills and being in the ocean.
Mike Sackton: He's
Mike Sackton: wearing his, you know. As usual, he has no weapon in his hand, right? He usually draws that from some extra bit dimensional space.
Mike Sackton: and his his armor
Mike Sackton: themes.
Mike Sackton: It strikes you as
Mike Sackton: well fitted even for underwater. It seems just it's subtle, and it's hard to explain it exactly, but it doesn't hinder his swimming or his movement the way armor might usually right. It seems to have
Mike Sackton: been a bit, you know normally it. It has a bit of a you know, furs vibe right like warm clothes, Vibe. But now it seems to have just a bit of a
Mike Sackton: ocean
Mike Sackton: vibe kind of, and it it tucks under his, I mean. Usually he often wears it under sort of an over cloak, and now he's taken
Mike Sackton: the the
Mike Sackton: heavier over clothes off, and is just in his bare armor. But it's
Mike Sackton: it's light and sort of
Mike Sackton: blends in a bit with his, you know. Seems
Mike Sackton: simple and and aerodynamic in the water, and his shield is is strapped to his back, but is also still a living thing, right? The the eyes moving about and seeming to be exploring and
Mike Sackton: interested in this new place that dealt with is bringing it to
Mike Sackton: and he sort of swims purposefully down
Mike Sackton: somewhat gracefully. Actually, I mean, he's relatively graceful mover, although not strong.
Mike Sackton: you know, and swim somewhat gracefully down sort of towards towards the depths, probably taking a bit of the lead
Mike Sackton: kind of just
Mike Sackton: moving forward deliberately, but not necessarily eagerly.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: as you drift deeper.
Tim Sackton: not
Tim Sackton: a met a quick Meta comment about how I think this will work so
Tim Sackton: the ocean.
Tim Sackton: Well.
Tim Sackton: it's sort of a call in response.
Tim Sackton: As you drift deeper, there will be images and and scenes and
Tim Sackton: visions from the ocean that will lead to questions that will be posed to you.
Tim Sackton: and how you answer the questions will determine
Tim Sackton: how you proceed. So
Tim Sackton: answer with
Tim Sackton: memories of violence or war, and you will steer the ocean towards memories of the same answer, with memories of home or
Tim Sackton: family, or whatever, and you will steer the ocean towards memories of its origins
Tim Sackton: to.
Mike Sackton: Do we know anything? I mean.
Mike Sackton: I'm
Mike Sackton: I get the mechanic. I'm slightly lost as to what our characters know about this like.
Tim Sackton: Nothing at all.
Mike Sackton: Okay, so we didn't. We have no idea how to get the the guy we talked to last time didn't
Mike Sackton: tell us anything. We don't.
Mike Sackton: We don't have any idea how to get to the mermaids. There's been no, he didn't tell us any information.
Tim Sackton: She didn't give you any like clue like how do you make it through the sentient ocean
Tim Sackton: like? What's but
Tim Sackton: But you do so at the end of last session, you
Tim Sackton: you know you could feel the ocean kind of asking who you are, and the basic idea is you need to convince it that you're
Tim Sackton: that it should let you pass, that you're not gonna do something evil or bad. Or
Tim Sackton: I I mean.
Tim Sackton: the the idea is that as you interact with it, you can try and understand its motivations and then understand
Tim Sackton: what's going on, and then
Tim Sackton: learn what you need to
Tim Sackton: reassure it to let you through, or something like that.
Tim Sackton: but you wouldn't have any.
Tim Sackton: There's no.
Mike Sackton: But we know we're swimming into a sentient ocean.
Tim Sackton: Yes, you know that much.
Mike Sackton: And that there's some
Mike Sackton: degree of
Mike Sackton: we're expecting some degree of questioning.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, we're expecting the sentient ocean to
Mike Sackton: potentially have concerns or challenges to us.
Mike Sackton: and that
Mike Sackton: we need to get through it somehow. And obviously the that the ocean controls access to the.
Mike Sackton: to the mermaids, to the merm folk.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, okay.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, you know this much, but
Tim Sackton: mountain
Tim Sackton: and and there's you know.
Tim Sackton: I I mean, you know that at least a little bit of the backstory of, you know. There was a
Tim Sackton: there was a
Tim Sackton: path
Tim Sackton: split among the murfok. There was a war.
Tim Sackton: There was this mention of Gosen Coa.
Tim Sackton: who you don't know, but the name sounds pretty bad, just, you know, based on the sound of the name and the fact that
Tim Sackton: Gozzamcoa seems to be some evil entity associated with
Tim Sackton: Malwar.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: so I think you'd be able to infer that the sentient ocean is
Tim Sackton: somehow
Tim Sackton: stopping is protecting the rest of the world from what's inside this bubble.
Tim Sackton: So it's more about convincing it that
Tim Sackton: you
Tim Sackton: are worthy than anything else.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: it's a series of questions not everybody has to answer every question.
Tim Sackton: but just for
Tim Sackton: so
Tim Sackton: don't feel obligated to
Tim Sackton: have something for everything right.
Tim Sackton: But somebody needs to have something for everybody.
Tim Sackton: everything.
Tim Sackton: and you know.
Tim Sackton: try and pass it around a little bit. So one person doesn't end up doing all the talking.
Eric Rosenbaum: But we'll put Colin's spot when you arrive.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I text, I'm texting him. I'm texting him as we go, so he'll at least, if he can manage to check his phone, be able to see
Tim Sackton: a little bit of what's happening.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like depth, measurements.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, exactly.
Eric Rosenbaum: 43.
Tim Sackton: Saddle
Tim Sackton: in the.
Tim Sackton: So as you
Tim Sackton: back in game, as you drift.
Tim Sackton: you begin to hear
Tim Sackton: a rhythmic, pulsing noise
Tim Sackton: and a vision of strange
Tim Sackton: waterfill dream. There's water
Tim Sackton: everywhere around you. And you think maybe you see faces
Tim Sackton: forming in this current as you begin to drift down.
Tim Sackton: they seem to be
Tim Sackton: screaming. Somehow their mouths are open, but not speaking any language that
Tim Sackton: anyone could ever understand, because it's not a language of
Tim Sackton: founder site. It's a
Tim Sackton: language of the saltiness of the water, the
Tim Sackton: subtle gradients of temperature and pressure
Tim Sackton: that
Tim Sackton: that signal the descent from the
Tim Sackton: light zone to the darker areas of the ocean below
Tim Sackton: the poll of them
Tim Sackton: currents the movement of the water deep beneath
Tim Sackton: the surface.
Eric Rosenbaum: Speakers fascinated because it's like
Eric Rosenbaum: the motion.
Eric Rosenbaum: the bones of the mountain range, but sped up by a million 1 million times.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: and what these faces
Tim Sackton: seem to be speaking of that seem to be
Tim Sackton: dreaming about is
Tim Sackton: desperate. Flight
Tim Sackton: ripped from somewhere everywhere, nowhere.
Tim Sackton: It's hard
Tim Sackton: to now.
Tim Sackton: Finding
Tim Sackton: a door pulled open
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: the not just not just pulled open, but violently wrenched open, and in the process of being wrenched open.
Tim Sackton: tearing holes everywhere in the world.
Tim Sackton: and flowing running. Has the
Tim Sackton: world collapses behind you.
Tim Sackton: the
Tim Sackton: searing heat of
Tim Sackton: dryness.
Tim Sackton: A concept that is
Tim Sackton: seems completely alien in in this language, just nothingness, a void.
Tim Sackton: and flowing down tendrils of magic from these gashes in the world.
Tim Sackton: as
Tim Sackton: everything collapses behind them
Tim Sackton: to a new place.
Tim Sackton: the home of sorts.
Tim Sackton: soothing.
Tim Sackton: gentle.
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: alive.
Tim Sackton: and the whispers seem to be speaking as they project these images of
Tim Sackton: home, and then violent.
Tim Sackton: desperate flight.
Tim Sackton: We could not stay, they seem to say
Tim Sackton: the home waters collapsed around rust.
Tim Sackton: The world waters were crushed. We fled.
Tim Sackton: and we were lucky to find this place.
Tim Sackton: and as they do, these faces seem to swirl around you, forming this
Tim Sackton: long, thin, almost eel, like
Tim Sackton: person. Maybe you might call it
Tim Sackton: no mouth, but
Tim Sackton: expressive eyes.
Tim Sackton: who seems to think in your mind as
Tim Sackton: they swirl
Tim Sackton: through the currents.
Tim Sackton: pausing.
Tim Sackton: each of you
Tim Sackton: in turn.
Tim Sackton: saying.
Tim Sackton: as the images of this
Tim Sackton: act
Tim Sackton: of this flight from danger
Tim Sackton: still play, and this echo we could not stay. We could not stay.
Tim Sackton: says to Well be
Tim Sackton: well be. You could have stayed, stayed in the green sea with
Tim Sackton: family and road homes and ship homes
Tim Sackton: deal with, could have stayed in tree homes, and Faye wanderings
Tim Sackton: could have not gone to war
Tim Sackton: risen, could have stayed in deep mine homes and mountain homes and sheltered homes, and served
Tim Sackton: your gods and quiet
Tim Sackton: seeker could have stayed, and
Tim Sackton: ancient mountain homes and city homes and family homes.
Tim Sackton: Yet you didn't.
Tim Sackton: and it seems to be waiting.
Tim Sackton: Why.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Will be
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): says, or thinks or imagines.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): all those homes, the
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): tidy, tight little ship cabins that
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): he sailed in for years and years.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The sound of the gulls over the water. The
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): wagon homes
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): a little vibe.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): you know, cabins along with the wagons filled with trade goods.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): but also thinks and says.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): beyond all of those this was my fault.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and remembers thinking back
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): to
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): all the different times, with a map spread out on the table in front of him
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): all the different map shops and map sellers, and the
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): little book of maps that his family had in the sea charts.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and over and over again, putting a finger down
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): across all different ages, from a little young halfling to
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): grown man
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): on the blank places on the map and saying, What's there, what's there over and over again.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and at last says that
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): it took me a long time
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): to realize it down to my bones.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But that's where my home really is.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The blank places on the map.
Tim Sackton: The ocean.
Tim Sackton: The currents swirl around as well. He's talking about that, and you can see
Tim Sackton: images
Tim Sackton: forming strange images.
Tim Sackton: a massive
Tim Sackton: island
Tim Sackton: floating in the sea.
Tim Sackton: giant city underwater
Tim Sackton: carved in the side of a huge underwater
Tim Sackton: mountain that stretches, for
Tim Sackton: it's hard to say how far, because the
Tim Sackton: water is murky and
Tim Sackton: blurred in your vision.
Tim Sackton: a ship
Tim Sackton: look seen from below.
Tim Sackton: nothing anywhere close to it.
Tim Sackton: seemingly floating.
Tim Sackton: and then
Tim Sackton: somehow
Tim Sackton: alive.
Tim Sackton: diving below the ocean.
Tim Sackton: It's shape, shifting as it does.
Eric Rosenbaum: Gotta get one of those.
Tim Sackton: And you can see you can hear the sort of
Tim Sackton: just slight discordance in this, as
Tim Sackton: the ocean seems to be
Tim Sackton: acknowledging your
Tim Sackton: the strangeness of the world. And yet still there is this
Tim Sackton: logging for
Tim Sackton: what is now gone.
Tim Sackton: but it swirls the currents kind of swirl around. Well, being as you
Tim Sackton: as you watch as the rest of you watch. You see
Tim Sackton: the
Tim Sackton: you know, the the the waters seem to sort of encircle him, and and he begins to drift a little bit lower, the rest of you sinking as the ocean waits for a moment to see if anybody else will speak.
Mike Sackton: Dealt with
Mike Sackton: is thinking.
Mike Sackton: and I guess, speaking, but it's hard to express in words
Mike Sackton: of
Mike Sackton: the dreaming.
Mike Sackton: When he was a child of this
Mike Sackton: place amongst the trees.
Mike Sackton: where he would run and
Mike Sackton: talk and play and
Mike Sackton: explore and experience with his
Mike Sackton: his age, mates, his car, his generation, all the things that
Mike Sackton: humans experience in dreams that alves no longer do. Once they awaken
Mike Sackton: from their childhood.
Mike Sackton: and
Mike Sackton: he
Mike Sackton: recalls
Mike Sackton: the stars shouting a warning from that place.
Mike Sackton: America in particular, the Alvin Wild Star, shouting a warning into the dreaming
Mike Sackton: war, awake, war awake
Mike Sackton: and waking up with his age, mates
Mike Sackton: too young really
Mike Sackton: to be awake to be taking up the burdenhood of Elvin
Mike Sackton: maturity
Mike Sackton: whom we
Mike Sackton: 50, 60 years old.
Mike Sackton: and the debate that spread across
Mike Sackton: his age?
Mike Sackton: Do we
Mike Sackton: do we help or do we flee?
Mike Sackton: Do we?
Mike Sackton: Who do? We march out of our fortresses and help the humans help the dwarves, help the others, or do we stay protected and
Mike Sackton: dealt with, never
Mike Sackton: doubted. It was his place to march honestly as he thinks about it. He doesn't really know
Mike Sackton: now why something in that
Mike Sackton: moment when he was awakened, that star shouting a warning.
Mike Sackton: He just couldn't.
Mike Sackton: and he never considered the idea
Mike Sackton: that leaving home would be that he would stay home.
Mike Sackton: stay in the safety of his, the elfin forests. From the moment he was awakened
Mike Sackton: he he knew he would march.
Mike Sackton: So it's I guess the the
Mike Sackton: he almost feels. The question is hint
Mike Sackton: it's just not.
Mike Sackton: He had to. There was no choice.
Mike Sackton: and sometimes he wonders, you know, why did I do that.
Mike Sackton: but it never felt like the raw, the right.
Mike Sackton: It always felt like the right decision.
Mike Sackton: despite everything that happened.
Mike Sackton: He's never regretted it.
Tim Sackton: As the ocean
Tim Sackton: circles around deal with.
Tim Sackton: you can see the
Tim Sackton: well. It's hard to translate into human emotions, because it's clearly not
Tim Sackton: entity, whatever it is, is clearly not human, but
Tim Sackton: the
Tim Sackton: pain, the
Tim Sackton: regret.
Tim Sackton: We were not warned.
Tim Sackton: We did not know what was coming.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: And it seems to
Tim Sackton: the water seems to cling
Tim Sackton: heavily to Dalith for a moment, as Dalwith also begins to sink.
Tim Sackton: There's almost a sense of
Tim Sackton: we.
Tim Sackton: We had no protectors, we had nobody watching over us.
Tim Sackton: we had no
Tim Sackton: divinity.
Tim Sackton: we had to make our own power.
Tim Sackton: and we were young then.
Tim Sackton: and weak.
Tim Sackton: We would have liked a warning
Tim Sackton: as it begins to float away, sort of
Tim Sackton: waiting
Tim Sackton: for a moment
Tim Sackton: to see if.
Tim Sackton: waiting for a moment, as the rest of you begin to sink down. And and you see with that this seems to have triggered something.
Tim Sackton: Da
Tim Sackton: the
Tim Sackton: there's a shift in the in the ocean.
Tim Sackton: and you hear
Tim Sackton: the sort of malady this low hum
Tim Sackton: begin
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: colors begin to grow in the ocean
Tim Sackton: life, coral fish, kelp.
Tim Sackton: whales.
Tim Sackton: starfish.
Tim Sackton: and this talk of
Tim Sackton: dealt with story seems to have triggered something, and and
Tim Sackton: we had no protectors.
Tim Sackton: But we
Tim Sackton: became protectors.
Tim Sackton: And you see this image
Tim Sackton: of
Tim Sackton: the ocean full of life
Tim Sackton: and this current, this water sort of flowing over the ocean.
Tim Sackton: hold on one sec.
Tim Sackton: This current flowing over the ocean. The
Tim Sackton: you know, the sorry, the current flowing over life. Distracted, trying to get Kong to join
Tim Sackton: and as it flows across the fish you can see some of them swimming through this current and growing.
Tim Sackton: beginning to stretch, and their forms shift, growing legs, long legs with long
Tim Sackton: toes, with broad webbing between them, spread out.
Tim Sackton: beginning to grow arms, with long hands, with webbing spread out in this, and like.
Tim Sackton: Got me
Tim Sackton: fins that run down the sides of their arms.
Tim Sackton: beginning to grow
Tim Sackton: faces.
Tim Sackton: eyes, mouth.
Tim Sackton: stretching out the fish's face into sort of somewhat humanoid features.
Tim Sackton: We made something to protect.
Tim Sackton: or it
Tim Sackton: made us to protect.
Tim Sackton: and you can.
Mike Sackton: Human. I mean, these look like marf. Are these.
Tim Sackton: These are my folks. Yes.
Tim Sackton: the the the vision begins to shift, and you see
Tim Sackton: You see the the ocean.
Tim Sackton: Sorry. Where are you guys on.
Mike Sackton: I just gonna ask one another quick that at the beginning you were talking about this like I mean, the answer might be with no idea. But at the beginning there was this impression of like
Mike Sackton: what I took to be the the
Mike Sackton: scattered planner. Weakness thing
Mike Sackton: before. But maybe that was a misinterpretation. The the the whole thing that caused the
Mike Sackton: scattered planner weaknesses that Rye was trying to solve right?
Mike Sackton: Or was it in pro? Was the impression long, long, long like do we have? Let me put it? If we do, we have any sense of time, or is it.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah, this is all like, like.
Mike Sackton: Super wild.
Tim Sackton: Of your employees.
Mike Sackton: Everything.
Tim Sackton: Long ago.
Mike Sackton: Everything they've been hinting at is from
Mike Sackton: a deep past, not reset again.
Tim Sackton: Yes, yes, yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm!
Eric Rosenbaum: That's good, too.
Tim Sackton: The the next image is.
Tim Sackton: yeah. These
Tim Sackton: these people, these
Tim Sackton: fish
Tim Sackton: men and fish women
Tim Sackton: as they
Tim Sackton: stretch and begin to flex and open their eyes
Tim Sackton: and look around.
Tim Sackton: The current swirl around them, and they
Tim Sackton: look
Tim Sackton: to the currents.
Tim Sackton: They look, the current looks to them.
Tim Sackton: and there is
Tim Sackton: something that
Tim Sackton: passes between them.
Tim Sackton: Understanding a bond
Tim Sackton: and the ocean
Tim Sackton: friends
Tim Sackton: and drifts.
Tim Sackton: and as they do.
Tim Sackton: the Murph follow.
Tim Sackton: staying deep, staying, hidden.
Tim Sackton: staying
Tim Sackton: far below the surface.
Tim Sackton: dwelling in
Tim Sackton: the water, dwelling in the deepness. And this
Tim Sackton: sense.
Tim Sackton: as you watch
Tim Sackton: of time passing.
Tim Sackton: people
Tim Sackton: having lives.
Tim Sackton: building
Tim Sackton: cities, learning to.
Tim Sackton: or being shown
Tim Sackton: how to weave kelp fawns into
Tim Sackton: structures, how to
Tim Sackton: pokes, the coral, to grow, how to tame manta rays.
Tim Sackton: And yet at the same time.
Tim Sackton: There's something very
Tim Sackton: alien
Tim Sackton: about this. There are no
Tim Sackton: temples, there are no.
Tim Sackton: you never see anybody worshiping a God. There are no
Tim Sackton: no writing.
Tim Sackton: They seem
Tim Sackton: to.
Tim Sackton: They seem to be able to speak at great distance without speaking.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: And and no.
Tim Sackton: there's no.
Tim Sackton: it's not the sense you get watching this. This isn't just the you know, humans living underwater right? There is something like deeply alien about this culture
Tim Sackton: and something alien about this ocean that is
Tim Sackton: swirling around you now, something
Tim Sackton: it's not.
Tim Sackton: It's neither good nor evil. It's just
Tim Sackton: strange.
Tim Sackton: And yet the emotions that
Tim Sackton: again triggered
Tim Sackton: by dealt with story that wash over you as you watch this are not
Tim Sackton: strange, you know. It's the sense of
Tim Sackton: you know we would. We, too.
Tim Sackton: would go to war to protect this.
Tim Sackton: We, too, see.
Tim Sackton: know what you say when
Tim Sackton: you are warned, and you must.
Tim Sackton: and there's no choice but to
Tim Sackton: fight.
Tim Sackton: And
Tim Sackton: as this image is growing.
Tim Sackton: you see
Tim Sackton: this sort of
Tim Sackton: bitterness, or you feel it's not. You can't see anything, but you feel it. It's like a bitter taste in the water, almost a metallic tang.
Tim Sackton: and even
Tim Sackton: when
Tim Sackton: we did not win we did not give up.
Tim Sackton: This was what we were protecting. This is why
Tim Sackton: we stayed, and the
Tim Sackton: motion swirls
Tim Sackton: around the
Tim Sackton: amongst this
Tim Sackton: protectiveness and this motivation to
Tim Sackton: to
Tim Sackton: do whatever had to be done to keep these
Tim Sackton: people safe.
Tim Sackton: There was a question of
Tim Sackton: sort of probing at you.
Tim Sackton: There were
Tim Sackton: times.
Tim Sackton: Why do? Why did you keep going well, be you were
Tim Sackton: held by
Tim Sackton: grotes Blade, and
Tim Sackton: could have stayed
Tim Sackton: in the memory of your people are turned to safer journeys. Yet
Tim Sackton: you came back
Tim Sackton: Galway.
Tim Sackton: you found the answers to your questions.
Tim Sackton: found a people who would celebrate you for
Tim Sackton: saving
Tim Sackton: they're gods, and yet
Tim Sackton: you didn't stop
Tim Sackton: risen. You are twice renowned among the dwarves for recovering
Tim Sackton: chalice of the room, priest among the Orcs for saving sarcast among the most famous of all
Tim Sackton: dwarves in the current age, and yet.
Tim Sackton: and none could doubt that you had served the duty of your gods. And yet
Tim Sackton: and yet
Tim Sackton: and seeker.
Tim Sackton: you are offered a chance to join the ancient scholars of Tolan
Tim Sackton: and learn the entries to every mystery of the universe.
Tim Sackton: and would only cost 5 years of your life. And yeah.
Tim Sackton: and questioning fingers.
Mike Sackton: Seeker.
Tim Sackton: Speaker maybe regrets that decision.
Mike Sackton: I wanted to know why Seeker didn't join the philosophers. Go to seeker.
Tim Sackton: Might not know why he didn't find the philosopher's gal
Tim Sackton: that.
Mike Sackton: Dealt with us like looks over and seeker. Yeah, what? No, not really. But.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Beret.
Tim Sackton: Pause for a minute.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait for shorts.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, let's I. I'm
Tim Sackton: I'm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Where's that Congo?
Tim Sackton: I know I'm texting him. I'm like dude. You're gonna miss the whole clip show part of the session. It's been
Tim Sackton: 45 min, of course. Ca, a Kong 20 min is a normal person hour, but.
Kate Sackton: Maybe less of an audience would mind missing. What's one says I could go first while we wait.
Tim Sackton: At.
Tim Sackton: Let's just.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who.
Tim Sackton: I don't mind waiting for a couple of minutes. I I would really like Cock to join for at least
Tim Sackton: part of this, so.
Kate Sackton: All right, then I'll go pester our child.
Kate Sackton: But I'm still listening.
Eric Rosenbaum: Little
Eric Rosenbaum: pester. Good!
Eric Rosenbaum: Only there were 2 seekers. One of them could join the.
Tim Sackton: Hmm, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I do have a spell.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's all.
Tim Sackton: Classic high Level Mage
Tim Sackton: Strategy.
Mike Sackton: Can you ever continue.
Eric Rosenbaum: Multitasking.
Mike Sackton: Can you merge with your duplicate later and get their memories?
Mike Sackton: No.
Tim Sackton: And also it, can't it? Your duplicate can't regain spell slots.
Tim Sackton: So it's not actually that useful. I mean, it's used. It's very useful.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who needs spell slots in a philosopher's guild, you know.
Mike Sackton: True, but.
Tim Sackton: That's true.
Mike Sackton: Seeker would never be able to learn what duplicate seeker word you can't eat its memories.
Eric Rosenbaum: A weekend.
Tim Sackton: Have to be on the event.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just.
Tim Sackton: Seeker would join in the philosopher's guild.
Eric Rosenbaum: And you'd you'd never be the wiser.
Mike Sackton: So you didn't regain hit points or spell slots and.
Tim Sackton: Whatever some duplicate secret got
Tim Sackton: too low.
Tim Sackton: so you would just have to create a new one and teleport it out to wherever you are.
Eric Rosenbaum: And how do you know this is not what's already happening, but.
Mike Sackton: But maybe seekers answer to why you didn't join this phosphorus gonna be? Well, I.
Tim Sackton: I did actually.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But the.
Eric Rosenbaum: Funny you should mention.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: why
Eric Rosenbaum: why not
Eric Rosenbaum: join the guild? That seems to have all the answers.
Eric Rosenbaum: you know
Eric Rosenbaum: I saw
Eric Rosenbaum: growing up
Eric Rosenbaum: many, leaving
Eric Rosenbaum: the fastness
Eric Rosenbaum: in search of
Eric Rosenbaum: to aim
Eric Rosenbaum: wealth.
Eric Rosenbaum: even just
Eric Rosenbaum: adventure.
Eric Rosenbaum: But I wasn't interested in that. I wanted answers. I wanted to understand how the world works, and for
Eric Rosenbaum: many years I thought that was the most
Eric Rosenbaum: important thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: and when I encountered that guild
Eric Rosenbaum: I thought they had all the answers.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now I'm not so sure.
Eric Rosenbaum: And I've also replaced something very important
Eric Rosenbaum: about the people
Eric Rosenbaum: that I'm traveling with.
Eric Rosenbaum: which is that
Eric Rosenbaum: they just couldn't do it without me. I. You know it's it's not
Eric Rosenbaum: the magical
Eric Rosenbaum: explosions I create, or my ability to make them larger or smaller or
Eric Rosenbaum: magically help them with their tasks at at critical moments, or
Eric Rosenbaum: turn a demon into a worm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Not my endless
Eric Rosenbaum: knowledge of the arcane.
Eric Rosenbaum: either, without which we'd have no idea really what to do.
Eric Rosenbaum: mostly. I think it's it's my ability to
Eric Rosenbaum: sit down on the beach and
Eric Rosenbaum: pick up what appears to be a random stone and
Eric Rosenbaum: notice some non obvious fact about the local
Eric Rosenbaum: geology, and in that way unlock the key to a puzzle. It's it's
Eric Rosenbaum: It's my curiosity with this group.
Eric Rosenbaum: Couldn't do what we do
Eric Rosenbaum: without right.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think, at at any rate.
Eric Rosenbaum: What use is that
Eric Rosenbaum: anyone else? It seems to be useful
Eric Rosenbaum: for this group of friendly people. And
Eric Rosenbaum: really I just want to keep finding
Eric Rosenbaum: those quests along the side of our journey
Eric Rosenbaum: to pursue.
Eric Rosenbaum: And so I
Eric Rosenbaum: I feel that
Eric Rosenbaum: this fellowship needs me, and I and I need them
Eric Rosenbaum: in that way.
Tim Sackton: Hey, Kong.
Tim Sackton: did you see my text?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm reading them now. Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: thanks for all the background.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm guessing. You guys have already solved the whole issue thing now. So we're like kind of good to go.
Eric Rosenbaum: We mostly haven't figured it out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's what I figured. We're we're like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: on great relationship. And we can do whatever we want. Now is that kinda summary.
Eric Rosenbaum: Unclear.
Tim Sackton: Kind of maybe.
Tim Sackton: yeah. The basic idea is you're trying to convince it that you're.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Good people.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, so.
Tim Sackton: Far
Tim Sackton: you've gotten.
Tim Sackton: I don't know.
Tim Sackton: You've sunk a bit deeper into this
Tim Sackton: swirling mess as
Tim Sackton: that that.
Tim Sackton: The ocean kind of swirls around seeker as he's
Tim Sackton: talking. And and you see
Tim Sackton: you see it. You see images that that form
Tim Sackton: kind of surrounding seekers.
Tim Sackton: memories and stories. And and
Tim Sackton: there's clearly something
Tim Sackton: like, there's there's a part of this that the ocean
Tim Sackton: or that that you're that this, this intelligence that you're interacting with doesn't
Tim Sackton: quite
Tim Sackton: understand. And
Tim Sackton: and you realize, as you
Tim Sackton: as you do
Tim Sackton: like seeker, so far as the first one he's talked about
Tim Sackton: like himself, independent from
Tim Sackton: the group, like being a part of a group like Seeker
Tim Sackton: as an individual and the group as a group.
Tim Sackton: And this is
Tim Sackton: not making sense to the ocean.
Tim Sackton: You realize that it
Tim Sackton: thought all 5 of you were one person.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: It seems
Tim Sackton: to speak in the third person. Talk about we.
Tim Sackton: but
Tim Sackton: there is no sense of
Tim Sackton: Pan yet.
Tim Sackton: This isn't a bunch of different
Tim Sackton: people
Tim Sackton: gather.
Tim Sackton: and it's very it sort of boats up to seeker. Curious as he's talking about
Tim Sackton: traveling with a group and
Tim Sackton: being useful to the group, and
Tim Sackton: you you get this sort of deep sense of like.
Tim Sackton: maybe puzzlement as it begins to
Tim Sackton: whirl around seeker, and you begin to sink deeper.
Tim Sackton: trying to understand what it
Tim Sackton: might even mean to be
Tim Sackton: to feel useful to it.
Tim Sackton: Group of people who are not yourself
Tim Sackton: as it waits for somebody else
Tim Sackton: to talk.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Really quickly met a game? Are there things that we've that people have said that feel like have been connecting or alienating like what things have been connecting, what things have been alienating so far.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm asking the fellowship.
Tim Sackton: So so it definitely was quite in tune to dealt with talking about
Tim Sackton: feeling called to
Tim Sackton: go to, instead of like the idea that he awoke with this.
Tim Sackton: What was that them
Tim Sackton: or telling? Yeah, mandate, to go to war to protect like you couldn't just stay home and let
Tim Sackton: all your.
Tim Sackton: You know generation mates, go to war without you, and it that triggered it to show you images and talk about creating the
Tim Sackton: when it created the mer folk to create
Tim Sackton: people it could. They could protect
Tim Sackton: While we talked about finding
Tim Sackton: about the real home being
Tim Sackton: the blank places on the map, and it sort of
Tim Sackton: that resonated to an extent. But it the. The the story that you got at the very beginning was this, intelligence was driven from somewhere like thousands of years ago.
Tim Sackton: and fled
Tim Sackton: to Tagar. And it's a refugee.
Tim Sackton: And so the idea of wanting to seek new places kind of
Tim Sackton: wasn't exactly. It wasn't quite as resident as the idea of being a protector.
Tim Sackton: But you also get the sense. It's partly not what resonates with it. It's partly judging you. Are you worthy to pass through this barrier. Are you going to help the Merfoke?
Tim Sackton: Bye, bye.
Mike Sackton: So
Mike Sackton: Dallas has another one, but I wanna let other people go.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, first.
Kate Sackton: And
Kate Sackton: when Nate asked Briswyn why, what wasn't she done with the fame and the achievements that she'd done thus far for her gods, she was thinking about how she sits around with her armor.
Kate Sackton: and how back home he
Kate Sackton: she first realized
Kate Sackton: the ways that she could be of service to the Bahrazel and her people through the mending skills that she had the
Kate Sackton: that manifested. First, as she became connected to the power she was
Kate Sackton: channeling from her gods.
Kate Sackton: and she always sneakers with her armor whenever they whenever we're sitting around at
Kate Sackton: a campsite
Kate Sackton: because
Kate Sackton: you repair it, and then it breaks again. It's constantly in use, and that there's always a need for mending.
Kate Sackton: And
Kate Sackton: the history of the dwarven people and the peoples of Talgar is long, and there are missing pieces
Kate Sackton: that need to be found and reconnected.
Kate Sackton: and she needed to find her people's shield, her people's cup.
Kate Sackton: and she met other people who needed to be reconnected. You know the the giant with his eyes.
Kate Sackton: and there are pieces that constantly need mending.
Kate Sackton: The work of repair is never done. There's always a new.
Kate Sackton: a new task. Which.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thanks.
Kate Sackton: Comes naturally to her
Kate Sackton: reconnecting with the past.
Tim Sackton: As as Risman is talking about the the need to owe. There's always something that needs mending.
Tim Sackton: There is this
Tim Sackton: flash of an image
Tim Sackton: of what looks like
Tim Sackton: a city
Tim Sackton: or parts of a city.
Tim Sackton: a great forest of kalt
Tim Sackton: growing from the bottom of the ocean. But there's pieces of it that have rotted
Tim Sackton: and are collapsed in amongst themselves, and it was a great gash that runs like a crevasse into the
Tim Sackton: floor of the ocean that runs through the middle of this
Tim Sackton: image, and you get this intense
Tim Sackton: wave of
Tim Sackton: failure
Tim Sackton: and the sense that it's not quite ready to
Tim Sackton: it, doesn't. It's not, doesn't know you quite well enough to
Tim Sackton: talk about what needs mending and where it but you definitely get the sense like it resonates very strongly with this, and
Tim Sackton: it feels this intelligence, they it
Tim Sackton: feels
Tim Sackton: they found.
Tim Sackton: And there is damage in the world because of this.
Tim Sackton: but it retreats. It's sort of the currents pull into their shell a little bit as when talks about this, and the ocean grows still for a moment as it kind of waits.
Mike Sackton: Dealt with.
Mike Sackton: says
Mike Sackton: starts by sort of saying.
Mike Sackton: if the world had been different
Mike Sackton: I might have stayed there
Mike Sackton: in the forest to the north
Mike Sackton: with the
Mike Sackton: Kozula.
Mike Sackton: If I had fallen from the sky
Mike Sackton: in their forest
Mike Sackton: and not
Mike Sackton: met anybody else.
Mike Sackton: perhaps that would have been where I stayed.
Mike Sackton: The
Mike Sackton: but I didn't fall from the sky there. I didn't
Mike Sackton: not meet anyone else.
Mike Sackton: and he sort of talks about how
Mike Sackton: his time
Mike Sackton: a way
Mike Sackton: in the Shadow realm
Mike Sackton: left him
Mike Sackton: a band not
Mike Sackton: disconnected from his Elven family.
Mike Sackton: He had given up on his Elven age mates he had given up on ever
Mike Sackton: returning to the Elven
Mike Sackton: lands like a normal elf.
Mike Sackton: and he found
Mike Sackton: companions amongst the
Mike Sackton: humans and dwarves and halflings.
Mike Sackton: and
Mike Sackton: having found them and traveled with them, and learned their strengths and their weaknesses
Mike Sackton: grown
Mike Sackton: to care for them, for Kenzo's stories
Mike Sackton: and tattoos and swift fists and wellbees, map making and
Mike Sackton: excitement for new places and fondness for dangerous beasts with sharp razor claws and
Mike Sackton: ax beeks.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: And seekers
Mike Sackton: obsessions and
Mike Sackton: curiosity and dangerous lack of sense.
Mike Sackton: And strong sense of self preservation which go together
Mike Sackton: you know, and Risen's
Mike Sackton: faith and
Mike Sackton: ability to mend things and heal things, and
Mike Sackton: that
Mike Sackton: when he found the Kazooa
Mike Sackton: that was felt. It was. It was too late. He had. He had found other people he was loyal to.
Mike Sackton: and could not abandon them, even though the forest to the north did feel like a place that could be a new home.
Mike Sackton: and loyalty
Mike Sackton: drew him back.
Tim Sackton: You sense the current begin to kind of
Tim Sackton: reach out slightly with this.
Tim Sackton: almost this
Tim Sackton: hesitating
Tim Sackton: kind of
Tim Sackton: touch, this hesitating, creeping out.
Tim Sackton: finding some.
Tim Sackton: It's not clear of hope. Hope sorry.
Mike Sackton: Okay, just add one.
Mike Sackton: Just for the current, too. I wanna add, this sense of delta will kind of explain the sense of
Mike Sackton: the whole being more than the sum of its parts. Right? There is a
Mike Sackton: thing that is the group of us that is not just the individuals of us.
Mike Sackton: and part of that is also what Drew dealt with back. It's the Comp. It's the
Mike Sackton: Dunmari fellowship
Mike Sackton: with an emphasis on the word fellowship
Mike Sackton: that
Mike Sackton: that is
Mike Sackton: also something he is loyal to
Mike Sackton: just sort of, anyway.
Tim Sackton: No, no, no, yeah, yeah. I get it. So
Tim Sackton: it it hesitantly begins to creep out a little bit, and the current picks up slightly from where it had gone, very still with this
Tim Sackton: this memory, and it it
Tim Sackton: it it's not.
Tim Sackton: It's not clear whether hope is exactly the right word, or whether it's
Tim Sackton: just
Tim Sackton: a sense that maybe
Tim Sackton: there is.
Tim Sackton: See
Tim Sackton: something to grab onto, something to to look for.
Tim Sackton: the the sense that what? What it seems to be latching onto as Dell was talking. Is this sense that?
Tim Sackton: But again you can, you can be loyal to
Tim Sackton: something that's not yourself.
Tim Sackton: and that this is something that
Tim Sackton: probably maybe never would have
Tim Sackton: heard to it. Because
Tim Sackton: doesn't really think of
Tim Sackton: other people. I mean, it doesn't really think of itself as it doesn't think of individuals as individuals.
Tim Sackton: And as you say, that
Tim Sackton: there's this kind of
Tim Sackton: opening up this kind of of
Tim Sackton: query, this kind of
Tim Sackton: stands
Tim Sackton: as it's just kind of trying to look at each of you. And and and yeah, to try and understand. Like.
Tim Sackton: would you be loyal
Tim Sackton: to it?
Tim Sackton: You don't have to answer this with a story, but it's it's
Tim Sackton: clearly sort of
Tim Sackton: asking this as a question.
Tim Sackton: You are so alien from us.
Tim Sackton: And yet.
Tim Sackton: would you help us.
Eric Rosenbaum: I just oh, go ahead!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And I go ahead.
Eric Rosenbaum: I just try picturing in my mind
Eric Rosenbaum: it was honestly a low point, for seeker
Eric Rosenbaum: is cloak
Eric Rosenbaum: and tatters covered in the
Eric Rosenbaum: demonic bile
Eric Rosenbaum: sinking through the waters.
Eric Rosenbaum: but then, being awoken
Eric Rosenbaum: by his companions
Eric Rosenbaum: at the moment of
Eric Rosenbaum: purging
Eric Rosenbaum: the sickness
Eric Rosenbaum: and cleansing the waters of
Eric Rosenbaum: Keikia.
Eric Rosenbaum: that right the ocean spirit.
Eric Rosenbaum: so just picturing the good deed that we get, that we did to heal the sacred waters of the sacred ocean.
Tim Sackton: You can tell that this is this has perked it up. This is what it's looking for. This is
Tim Sackton: as it looks around to the rest of you. This is
Tim Sackton: query on its mind.
Tim Sackton: Is this something you do.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): By way of saying Yes
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): will be remembers a time
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and shares the memory
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): many, many years ago.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): of him and a half dozen other
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): halfling kids
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): gleefully jumping off the side of the boat
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): to cut the fishing nets where a dolphin.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): who was coming into them to steal the fish that they were fishing to eat.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): but nonetheless had gotten stuck in the nets.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and that the half dozen of them are so splashing in the water, cutting the nets free.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): making sure that that the Dolphin got swimming free in a way.
Tim Sackton: It again
Tim Sackton: sort of
Tim Sackton: gets you. You can sense this sort of growing feeling of
Tim Sackton: possibility
Tim Sackton: drifting on the current
Tim Sackton: as it
Tim Sackton: swirls around
Tim Sackton: Kenzo Dalwith, and risen.
Tim Sackton: Yes, this is true.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And so like starts
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: imagining all the treasure that we've taken.
Eric Rosenbaum: Last year.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Under that we've
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we've liberated
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: over these years mountain of wealth now, and mineral resources from the ocean. Now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Penzo,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: pencil actually just
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is, is
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like literally, since he's been in this part of the of the world at this particular ocean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: has never felt such a deep sense of like calm and peace.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and is reflecting on the interactions with the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but what's the other giant? Not the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the giant. We were just with last last episode.
Mike Sackton: The starboard.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Stonebourn, but the.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah. Kazero.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kazora, right?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And basically, you know, kind of similarly, like the really deep, genuine way in which he wants to learn
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and also share about the beauty of of the ocean. Learn to listen to it just, you know, very, very deep sense of humility, but to learn, but also
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's sort of like plugging into, like the the universal, like vastness, and like love of that of that ocean that the Stoneborn, the stoneborn, also possesses, but that Kenzo also.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know, feels like a very sincere connection to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: humility, but also an E, like an eagerness to serve basically like, let me. You know. How can I? How can I also
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: share about the wonder of the ocean to my people?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So he he kind of immerses himself in that, deep in, in various sincere intention that he.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: without specifically being like, Oh, yeah, I'm like setting up like a you know, some monasteries. We're gonna teach people through this like specific mechanism.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: which is, which is a noble and and you know, honest thing, but just more the underlying feeling behind behind, you know.
Tim Sackton: It. It seems to be
Tim Sackton: nearly satisfied as it looks to the last 2 of you.
Tim Sackton: You're muted, Kate.
Kate Sackton: Thank you. Briswyn remembers the
Kate Sackton: people of the Rainbow, those those Orcs that had been forced
Kate Sackton: to run from
Kate Sackton: oppression, and had found a safe place, and then that place was no longer safe.
Kate Sackton: and she remembers
Kate Sackton: fortifying
Kate Sackton: daily that place to keep
Kate Sackton: the threat that they
Kate Sackton: I'm
Kate Sackton: getting to know the
Kate Sackton: people she was protecting, as she stayed with them long during that work.
Tim Sackton: I don't want to cut you off, Mike, if you want to contribute something to, but
Tim Sackton: that's definitely gonna convince the ocean.
Mike Sackton: I I mean, I actually, I'll
Mike Sackton: briefly add delevs to
Mike Sackton: thoughts.
Mike Sackton: one. The
Mike Sackton: Miswati is that the the lost
Mike Sackton: thinking of the the the lost
Mike Sackton: spirits, the lost gods of the
Mike Sackton: of the Denoqua, and
Mike Sackton: his
Mike Sackton: seeking to free them from
Mike Sackton: where they had been lost.
Mike Sackton: But also
Mike Sackton: a time from
Mike Sackton: the Great War
Mike Sackton: when
Mike Sackton: one of
Mike Sackton: dealt with March to war
Mike Sackton: for all kinds of reasons, but he thinks back to
Mike Sackton: the great
Mike Sackton: forests
Mike Sackton: of the elves
Mike Sackton: now.
Mike Sackton: many of which have become forests of nightmares.
Mike Sackton: Right? I mean, am I? I have that right? Right? The forest of nightmares? Yeah. And
Mike Sackton: his sense of
Mike Sackton: failure. That's
Mike Sackton: the elves could not do more to protect those places.
Mike Sackton: and that he would
Mike Sackton: give quite a lot
Mike Sackton: to restore them, or to have been able to protect them.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: as you're all speaking
Tim Sackton: the
Tim Sackton: the ocean, the current goes still for a moment.
Tim Sackton: and all is briefly quiet.
Tim Sackton: and then you hear
Tim Sackton: a humming noise began.
Tim Sackton: and in the currents the whispers.
Tim Sackton: this is the story
Tim Sackton: of Buruli and Gazancoa
Tim Sackton: and the jade.
Tim Sackton: and how we failed.
Tim Sackton: and there's an image that the water below you clears, and you're looking as if through a mirror.
Tim Sackton: But clearly not the present. This is a memory.
Tim Sackton: and you can see this city that you saw briefly before, of a brief image of
Tim Sackton: the Kalprod in the
Tim Sackton: the
Tim Sackton: you know the the the
Tim Sackton: city dead now alive, bright and colorful
Tim Sackton: coral growing amongst the calp.
Tim Sackton: blooming
Tim Sackton: Murph swimming and tending to it.
Tim Sackton: bumme.
Tim Sackton: carefully coaxing these
Tim Sackton: strange fruits to grow bud off the couch.
Tim Sackton: letting them drift on the sea, to be eaten, and carry some
Tim Sackton: strange essence of the memories of
Tim Sackton: the people and the magic of the sentient ocean across the world.
Tim Sackton: the garden of name.
Tim Sackton: a memorial
Tim Sackton: of a kind, but also a
Tim Sackton: place of
Tim Sackton: reliving
Tim Sackton: where the stories of all who had crossed through the ocean
Tim Sackton: drifted in the currents
Tim Sackton: and could be
Tim Sackton: found again.
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: the power
Tim Sackton: that
Tim Sackton: the
Tim Sackton: the way in which, as this green
Tim Sackton: lights
Tim Sackton: drifted through the ocean, the
Tim Sackton: am
Tim Sackton: the power of this whispering garden just
Tim Sackton: was that much stronger as
Tim Sackton: them?
Tim Sackton: Magic of this piece of jade illuminated the forests.
Tim Sackton: But
Tim Sackton: something
Tim Sackton: changed
Tim Sackton: coming of the jade. Now you see an image of of a Murph.
Tim Sackton: a warrior
Tim Sackton: I'm
Tim Sackton: looks.
Tim Sackton: There's almost a
Tim Sackton: a
Tim Sackton: yeah forget that he's he looks. I mean, his face looks like I sort of described before. It looks almost like a fish. His eyes are sort of
Tim Sackton: bulging a little bit, and he's bald, and it's got a fin running down the top of his head
Tim Sackton: almost like fins, where, as years are stretching back powerful strong.
Tim Sackton: But as you watch, you can see the way he looks at the garden with.
Tim Sackton: and V with jealousy.
Tim Sackton: not content.
Tim Sackton: And then
Tim Sackton: the whispers
Tim Sackton: can't see anything happening. Everything is inky and black. The mirror goes dark.
Tim Sackton: But you hear this name, this word Gosencoa.
Tim Sackton: and sacrifices and promises are made.
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: power springs to life
Tim Sackton: in the heart of Barruthi.
Tim Sackton: and then
Tim Sackton: the war
Tim Sackton: in the middle of the city.
Tim Sackton: in the center of the
Tim Sackton: great palace.
Tim Sackton: that once
Tim Sackton: how is the names
Tim Sackton: that was once the center of this garden, that where?
Tim Sackton: the
Tim Sackton: where the kelp grew, into this twisting, spirally
Tim Sackton: building of 50 feet tall, stretching halfway to the surface. Almost in the middle of that a rift
Tim Sackton: creatures flooding out from the plain of water creatures
Tim Sackton: long.
Tim Sackton: who have long held
Tim Sackton: that the ocean is theirs to control.
Tim Sackton: and this intruder
Tim Sackton: must be
Tim Sackton: the intruder being. The sentient ocean
Tim Sackton: must be corralled and controlled.
Tim Sackton: threatening to
Tim Sackton: spread across
Tim Sackton: the deeps
Tim Sackton: until
Tim Sackton: and then you see the ocean gathering its strength, and forming a bubble
Tim Sackton: around on me.
Tim Sackton: Omi is the name of the Murfolk City.
Tim Sackton: and this deep sense of sadness as they watched
Tim Sackton: the Merfolk.
Tim Sackton: who are not part of this attack who could not flee.
Tim Sackton: trapped, enslaved.
Tim Sackton: ragged, back to the plane of water.
Tim Sackton: But the contagion was stopped.
Tim Sackton: brutally fled through the portal again.
Tim Sackton: leaving only a small number to
Tim Sackton: watch on this side.
Tim Sackton: and now
Tim Sackton: lives, dwells
Tim Sackton: the way is sealed.
Tim Sackton: the the.
Tim Sackton: the the portal is sealed
Tim Sackton: by the ocean, but it can do no more. It cannot assault.
Tim Sackton: cannot pass through.
Tim Sackton: for if the
Tim Sackton: elementals.
Tim Sackton: the its enemies in the plain of letter got a hold of even a
Tim Sackton: fraction of its
Tim Sackton: essence. They would get a hold of all of it.
Tim Sackton: and so it stays.
Tim Sackton: The rock cannot spread, but nor can it be healed until Beru's power is taken from him.
Tim Sackton: and the magic of the jade that holds this portal open
Tim Sackton: is brought back to this plane.
Tim Sackton: and as you see
Tim Sackton: this image.
Tim Sackton: the story unfold in images and words. Below you, you can see
Tim Sackton: the events.
Tim Sackton: the fighting little vignettes of what you think are memories of the ocean.
Tim Sackton: Aha!
Tim Sackton: The chaos at the beginning as
Tim Sackton: many murfolk fled.
Tim Sackton: and some were chased and hunted
Tim Sackton: by
Tim Sackton: Baruli's pulse warriors.
Tim Sackton: the desperate
Tim Sackton: struggle to
Tim Sackton: keep this
Tim Sackton: crack, this
Tim Sackton: rift that began to spread from growing and to contain it.
Tim Sackton: and stop
Tim Sackton: that
Tim Sackton: Beru's war from spreading beyond Omi. And you see this image of many other merfroque cities
Tim Sackton: spread across the endless ocean.
Tim Sackton: This is not all of them.
Tim Sackton: but this is one that was
Tim Sackton: gear to us.
Tim Sackton: for it was where and you
Tim Sackton: the the sense you have is, I mean, the Merf folk don't
Tim Sackton: really have a religion in any sort of traditional sense, but
Tim Sackton: to the extent to which they were, you know.
Tim Sackton: you know, had that sort of mystic understanding. It was
Tim Sackton: this sort of
Tim Sackton: garden, of
Tim Sackton: memories, of of
Tim Sackton: names of.
Tim Sackton: you know.
Tim Sackton: pending this vision of
Tim Sackton: their past and their future.
Tim Sackton: And then you see
Tim Sackton: briefly a question. You you you sense
Tim Sackton: the last question.
Tim Sackton: how does this story end?
Tim Sackton: How does this end
Tim Sackton: for us and for you?
Tim Sackton: As the violence of this vision of war and destruction and rot and corruption fades.
Tim Sackton: and for a moment there's peace. And now you can begin to see the the
Tim Sackton: water below you has become
Tim Sackton: clear.
Tim Sackton: and you see now the city of the ruined city of Omi below you.
Tim Sackton: That
Tim Sackton: the
Tim Sackton: rotted bits of Jane, the
Tim Sackton: cracked foundations, this this rift, this you're still
Tim Sackton: high enough up, you sense that you're not quite through.
Tim Sackton: But you see, what is there now?
Tim Sackton: And you see
Tim Sackton: you hear the ocean asking.
Tim Sackton: How can this
Tim Sackton: be? Better? Not just.
Tim Sackton: It's asking, not just about
Tim Sackton: it's story, but
Tim Sackton: your story is, where
Tim Sackton: where does this story go?
Tim Sackton: And you end.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: more treasure
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: part.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You can't.
Tim Sackton: 100,000 gold.
Tim Sackton: Ken's over tires.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But also like.
Tim Sackton: Forgot a poly on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Going for a few months. Paul?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Really quick, do we? So? And I apologize if I miss this earlier, do we know yet, like the relationship between the ocean and the jade.
Tim Sackton: Did I just tell you.
Eric Rosenbaum: I was a little confused, confused. There, you did explain it.
Mike Sackton: Your your story was was very sort of
Mike Sackton: a little.
Tim Sackton: To matter.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, at all.
Eric Rosenbaum: We can piece it together.
Eric Rosenbaum: I understood that the jade is in the plane of water.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, and it is being used to
Eric Rosenbaum: keep the portal open or closed
Eric Rosenbaum: by the Cinnamon Ocean or its enemy.
Mike Sackton: Anecdotally.
Eric Rosenbaum: And the end. Oh, there's a
Eric Rosenbaum: entity named
Eric Rosenbaum: 10,000 employees.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, yeah, yeah, but.
Tim Sackton: That that doesn't really matter. That's just the source of the warlocks power
Tim Sackton: warlocks, the the.
Kate Sackton: The the Merr Guy became a warlock, and he's wielding the Jane.
Eric Rosenbaum: And Angry fish. Guy.
Tim Sackton: Why?
Kate Sackton: Guy, very good.
Tim Sackton: She's the only one who can understand my headphone.
Mike Sackton: I knew what it was too.
Tim Sackton: Well, this is why you're genetically identical to me. But I.
Mike Sackton: I have known you for a long for quite a long time.
Kate Sackton: And you know what a warlock is which is.
Eric Rosenbaum: Exactly.
Mike Sackton: True.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's first.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, okay, good. Alright. So, so.
Mike Sackton: There's a let's be the B guy. But but.
Tim Sackton: Beru.
Eric Rosenbaum: Totally as Amanda. And
Eric Rosenbaum: right, yeah, okay.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Got the Jasta
Mike Sackton: he got the jade. He
Mike Sackton: is now
Mike Sackton: causing trouble.
Mike Sackton: Right amongst the
Mike Sackton: Murph he is.
Mike Sackton: Wait! Was, did the ocean, push him into the plane of water. That was the one bit I didn't.
Tim Sackton: The ocean like sealed off the
Tim Sackton: the city so that nobody could
Tim Sackton: coming or out of the city.
Tim Sackton: And so he retreated to the plate of.
Mike Sackton: Okay. So he pulled the city to the plate of water because he was
Mike Sackton: trapped. And now
Mike Sackton: there's this stalemate. The ocean doesn't dare go after him, because if he gets any bit of the ocean he gets all of it and is basically afraid of
Mike Sackton: of.
Mike Sackton: it's too risky, right? That I don't know. That's my impression. It's basically too risky. Right? You can't.
Mike Sackton: You can't risk giving him ultimate power right? Like at some level.
Mike Sackton: So
Mike Sackton: so the but
Mike Sackton: is buruli like running free on the plane of water, causing all kinds of trouble? Or is this like a pocket dimension? I guess we don't necessarily know.
Tim Sackton: You don't know. You'll have to go to the plane of water and find out. But this was maybe the point that wasn't clear. The plaint. There are at least factions on the plane of water that are enemies with of the sentient ocean.
Kate Sackton: Like the sentient intuition, had to leave home in the first place, because.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Kate Sackton: It.
Mike Sackton: Fine.
Eric Rosenbaum: Fentanian ocean is an exile problem.
Mike Sackton: The point of.
Eric Rosenbaum: Waiting for her.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, and there are a bunch of Murph cities all across it. But.
Mike Sackton: Yes, across the sentient, across the endless ocean, on Talgar, across the sentient ocean, created the Merfoke because it was lonely, basically, or.
Tim Sackton: Much.
Mike Sackton: Wanted to be a god. I don't, I mean, I guess I guess.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. Awesome.
Mike Sackton: Better way of being a god than a Polyon. Right like.
Eric Rosenbaum: And the Merf folk are essentially a single hive mind, with
Eric Rosenbaum: not communication.
Tim Sackton: Single is essential.
Mike Sackton: And ocean.
Tim Sackton: Is a single hide hiding, but.
Eric Rosenbaum: So. The my folk are not.
Tim Sackton: Program.
Eric Rosenbaum: One mind with it.
Tim Sackton: Now.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Mike Sackton: They did say they don't have writing, or or was that supposed to be the home on the plane of water?
Tim Sackton: No, no, the Murfok are strange.
Mike Sackton: Right. They they clearly have some type of communication that
Mike Sackton: alleviates
Mike Sackton: writing, and possibly makes them seem more communal than.
Tim Sackton: Then we.
Mike Sackton: Be usual for humans, right? And things like that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and and so, but the jade is in the plain of water.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that with the.
Tim Sackton: Warlock dude. Yeah, so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To, the.
Tim Sackton: Paid, and is using it to
Tim Sackton: keep to like. Keep this stalemate going.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right, right.
Tim Sackton: He refuses to close the portal. The sentient ocean refuses to go after him, but the jade is what keeps powers. The portal.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right, but so so like. But he's got one piece of jade. We've got 3 pieces of jade, doesn't
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 3 3 more powerful one. So like we win, right?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We we just like, stand there and then we're like, Ha, ha!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 3 greater than one. And then it's sober. Right?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
Tim Sackton: I mean, if you didn't wanted the piece of jade you could just try and close the portal. At least you could trapped on the other side. That's certainly the case, but but jade would then be trapped on the other side with them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hmm
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: son.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): definitely.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): we're gonna go through the portal. We're gonna get jade. We're gonna help a sentient ocean.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And also.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean, isn't there another way to tell the story, which is
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): the scenting ocean
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): gets expelled from the plane of water.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): comes to taga, basically colonizes it
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): creates an army out of nothing to take over the entire ocean for itself.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and that the first sign of resistance like
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): get sucked into a stalemate. Do we like? Do we really know the sunny emotions. The good guy here.
Tim Sackton: So why are you assuming it's from the plane of water.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, it's held from somewhere.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I did assume that
Eric Rosenbaum: it's it's not unreasonable to assume. That's where it came from, because it's made of water.
Eric Rosenbaum: But.
Mike Sackton: It could have been from somewhere else, right?
Mike Sackton: Like what place.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean the problem.
Tim Sackton: Destroyed.
Mike Sackton: It's from some crazy, far, strange point.
Kate Sackton: And the plane of water. People.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wow!
Kate Sackton: The other plane, and then
Kate Sackton: tried to annihilate the plaintive water, the sentient ocean.
Kate Sackton: Who knows the.
Mike Sackton: Wait. The one thing I didn't get is okay. So the
Mike Sackton: plaintive water.
Mike Sackton: There's some people on the point of what are who are
Mike Sackton: enemies of the sunshination, you said, but.
Tim Sackton: Not everybody.
Tim Sackton: The plaintiff water is a complicated place, with lots of factions.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Very fluid situation.
Tim Sackton: Exactly.
Mike Sackton: But does it do the people on the plate of water care what's happening on Telgar?
Mike Sackton: I guess.
Tim Sackton: Probably mostly not.
Mike Sackton: So I'm trying to figure out if the implication was that the plane of water and this, that the centid ocean has some
Mike Sackton: pre-existing relationship with entities on the plane of water before it came to Talgar.
Mike Sackton: Or if the implication is just.
Mike Sackton: yeah, I mean.
Tim Sackton: This is all from Malwar, right? Like there's there's.
Tim Sackton: you know, there! There was this thread in the first 2 adventures where somebody
Tim Sackton: Gazan Coa was trying to steal a piece of the sentient ocean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Using Azar as his. That's right.
Mike Sackton: And we don't.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Mile and a sample of it, and then, like came chasing after it.
Mike Sackton: Don't know.
Tim Sackton: He's.
Mike Sackton: As in Kuwait, is.
Tim Sackton: Doesn't go is some like
Tim Sackton: Alder and L, some Warlock patron on the plane of water.
Tim Sackton: who.
Kate Sackton: So.
Tim Sackton: Obviously controls a faction who wants to mess with the sentient ocean. But that's like probably a pretty minor.
Tim Sackton: He's probably a bit player in the plane of water itself, because most of the plaintive water doesn't care about what happens.
Mike Sackton: Right? Okay, so.
Kate Sackton: Sorry. Go.
Mike Sackton: Like it. You were trying to say something over there.
Kate Sackton: I was just going to say. This answers my question of whether, like
Kate Sackton: there's the Sentian notion has issues with
Kate Sackton: gazing coa slash. Whatever it was originally afraid of, and with
Kate Sackton: brewlly.
Kate Sackton: because rulers started this whole like
Kate Sackton: so. But
Kate Sackton: I wondered whether the enemy of the enemy is my friend. Sort of thing has happened like whether Parulie knows that
Kate Sackton: there's like other anti sentientations, and has, like allied with them. But that's sort of
Kate Sackton: cart before the horse horse before the cart because he became a warlock because of
Kate Sackton: Casano. So yes, he does.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, it's all supposed to be the one Gos and Coa faction is the.
Kate Sackton: There's one. Yeah. So there's one anti sentient ocean faction within
Kate Sackton: the plaintiff water that is the single axis of brewlly in Gazankova.
Tim Sackton: Right, Cause.
Kate Sackton: Not like another.
Tim Sackton: Berlu is a warlock of gods and cup.
Mike Sackton: But we shouldn't read too much into this. It's not like the sentient ocean is necessarily deeply embroiled in the plain of water. Polo.
Tim Sackton: No, no, no, no! All this is totally irrelevant to any adventure. The point is that
Tim Sackton: Beru, as a Beru, the Murf as a Warlock and needed a patron, and I just grabbed Gozenko from Murlock, from.
Mike Sackton: Wow! Right? Right?
Tim Sackton: Because it seemed cool.
Mike Sackton: So, so, so the deep history of the sentient ocean. It. There is some historically contingent reason why Gasenco and this sentient, sentient ocean.
Mike Sackton: which is irrelevant.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it's irrelevant to the plot, doesn't. Coa wants something, and.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah, I just, I was trying to understand if we should be reading.
Tim Sackton: You don't have to spend any time worrying about why Goz and Coa and the second.
Tim Sackton: why Gosen Color wants the Saint Ocean because it doesn't. It's irrelevant. It's.
Mike Sackton: Sure. But more than that, it's not
Mike Sackton: forget worrying about. We shouldn't take it as like Gazan. Coa is an enemy is, you know, the entity that destroyed the Sentitians.
Tim Sackton: No, no.
Mike Sackton: Home or anything like that. It's some now. It's some.
Kate Sackton: Well, I was also more worried about whether there were additional anti sentientate ocean players that we needed to look out for like if we take away the jade from Berulei.
Kate Sackton: say we go meet Beruley, and he turns out not to be like a nice orc who needs this jade to protect him from bad things, and as well be pointed out.
Kate Sackton: You know, if we, if we take the jade from Brulee.
Kate Sackton: Julie will be trying to stop us obviously gazing coa
Kate Sackton: by proxy, but not necessarily like all of the sentient oceans. Other enemies will also be a raid against us. Is that's what I'm trying what I would.
Mike Sackton: I think we're supposed to like.
Mike Sackton: The ascent. Ocean is not a major faction. There's not. It's not like the politics of the planet, and weather are consumed by the sentient ocean. It's an eccentricity of Gazan. Coa. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Basic question, why is there a portal open
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like, why is there like a deal like, what's the deal with the like? Why is this portal important.
Tim Sackton: Brewlly needed
Tim Sackton: needed enemies needed a to
Tim Sackton: get the J. Like he needed an army from somewhere. Gazan Co. Was like, here, have an army.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So it's.
Mike Sackton: Berulei is got the jade, and is trying to do bad things.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But he said.
Mike Sackton: It's an ocean
Mike Sackton: is trying to stop them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But he needs the portal open so that what.
Mike Sackton: To get Allies.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Or what? What's the.
Mike Sackton: Well, I mean at this point, why is he keeping the portal open?
Mike Sackton: Why didn't he close the portal.
Tim Sackton: Well, you don't know. I mean.
Mike Sackton: We do know.
Tim Sackton: To try and find out.
Mike Sackton: So.
Eric Rosenbaum: And.
Mike Sackton: The history that I think we're supposed to take here is that
Mike Sackton: the jade fell into a peaceful Murphok settlement.
Mike Sackton: and Berulei went bad
Mike Sackton: and power, hungry because of the jade.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Really the the Murph really the Murphok.
Mike Sackton: And became
Mike Sackton: associated with gas and coa as a source of his power.
Mike Sackton: got into a
Mike Sackton: who does? Warwick got into a fight, basically with the scented ocean
Mike Sackton: couldn't win without out like the sentin ocean on it, like Brulee versed ocean. Not a fair fight.
Mike Sackton: Brulee versus the Gazan Coaulie pulling in the Gazan coa to help
Mike Sackton: becomes a fair fight, but nonetheless.
Mike Sackton: the sentient ocean
Mike Sackton: trapped brewlly
Mike Sackton: right and basically sealed off
Mike Sackton: the
Mike Sackton: sealed off the infection, so to speak of Brulei and his madness right, and then he.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Into the plant of water.
Mike Sackton: No, no, no! He fled to the point of water
Mike Sackton: because he didn't want to be in jail, basically, am I? I mean, am I totally.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, no, that's exactly.
Mike Sackton: He's trapped on on. He's trapped underwater right? The sentid. Imagine this institution literally builds the jail around him effectively.
Mike Sackton: and he's like around.
Kate Sackton: Destroyed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Got it.
Kate Sackton: The destroyed city. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, and it's own.
Mike Sackton: And he's like screw this. I'm not staying in jail. I'm gonna step through my magic portal and get my big brother dude gazan color to kill you if you come after me.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, such a narrative is like oops.
Mike Sackton: You win brewlly or oops stalemate brewlly. That was clever on Brully's part cause the Sentinosians not willing to go
Mike Sackton: into the plane of water
Mike Sackton: to go after Brulee, because
Mike Sackton: that would expose it to Gaza as mass machinations. And it's
Mike Sackton: right. I mean, I don't think we know exactly what a sphere is, but basically that it wouldn't be able to
Mike Sackton: prevent whatever a dozen coas after
Mike Sackton: if it went onto the plate of water.
Mike Sackton: So now you're in a stalemate. Right
Mike Sackton: portal is guarded by the sensed ocean. But Berulei is now free from his prison, and go cause mischief on the plaintive water.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Cool until.
Mike Sackton: A group of heroes comes along, convinces the sensitation that they will help, and goes and kills brewlly, takes the jade and flees back to their skyship.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: done! Let's do the thing.
Mike Sackton: Did I get it? Basically right?
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: that's
Tim Sackton: that's exactly correct.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: you to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright.
Kate Sackton: So all for really needs to
Kate Sackton: speaking as a like understander of warlocks. Dealt with
Kate Sackton: all we need to do to
Kate Sackton: to sort of heal this problem in this neighborhood for the more the benefit of the merfolk and the
Kate Sackton: and the smt notion is to
Kate Sackton: just execute our selfish need to just get the jade in our own hands and get it out of here? Or do we also have to kill Brulee, or also have to like break some spell, or is there anything else we can figure out that we need to do, or will we figure it out? We go along.
Mike Sackton: I. I would assume that
Mike Sackton: if we simply take the jade.
Mike Sackton: we are not helping the sensition or the Merf folk very much
Mike Sackton: in the sense that
Mike Sackton: maybe it causes the portal to close.
Mike Sackton: In other words.
Mike Sackton: is the problem that we want to
Mike Sackton: brewlly is clearly
Mike Sackton: problem for the scented ocean right
Mike Sackton: taking the jade won't defeat his power right, like Warwick's power, doesn't come through an item.
Mike Sackton: He's pledged himself to Gozancoa, and his power is derived from
Mike Sackton: being alive. You could kill Gazan Coa, which we won't succeed at, or we could kill Brulee right.
Mike Sackton: but
Mike Sackton: otherwise he's still gonna be a player. Now.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But if the portal closes, either he's on the plane of water, in which case good news for the sentient ocean cause he's not around anymore, or he's on Talgar, in which case
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): good news for the Sanchez of a fair fight. There.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, exactly right, if we so.
Mike Sackton: If we got. If we close the portal, that would be
Mike Sackton: probably sort of a
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: there's other.
Tim Sackton: The idea. The idea is, there are many possible ways you can solve this quest.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, yeah, this is, this is like.
Kate Sackton: So let's go get the jade.
Tim Sackton: But the key to closing the the thing you're supposed to understand is that what keeps the portal.
Mike Sackton: Is, the.
Tim Sackton: The rule is somehow using the J to keep the portal open. For some unknown reason. Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So so the like. The mission impossible route would be. We, like, you know, somehow stealthily go through, figure out how to extract the jade escape without any, you know, battles or damage, and then the portal closes behind us, and we emerge victorious with the jade and the portal closing. And no, you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but what's much more likely to have is under the portal
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: completely just, you know, without any preparation, any subterfuge, and then fight whoever is on the other side, like really loudly
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: call in more people that are then, you know, attracted to the commotion, and we end up having to fight every possible entity that we could fight.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: suffer, potential catastrophic, you know, damage, and then, like limp back afterwards.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's our. That is our stuff.
Tim Sackton: Describe the next 3 sessions.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Agree.
Tim Sackton: What 4 I don't know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's do it.
Eric Rosenbaum: There!
Mike Sackton: Oscar.
Eric Rosenbaum: Borlox. Negotiate. Okay.
Tim Sackton: Maybe.
Mike Sackton: Deal with negotiates all the time.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): With this sword.
Mike Sackton: Or his 20 charisma.
Tim Sackton: So. So here's what you see as you drift through the sentient oceans.
Tim Sackton: Jail wall, slash protective bubble. You see the ruined city of Omi.
Tim Sackton: The light is
Tim Sackton: is dim, the the service is not super. I mean, the service is maybe 200 250 feet above you. So there's some sunlight, but it's filtered into this dim.
Tim Sackton: dim light.
Tim Sackton: You can see the following main features of Omi, and it's ruined state.
Tim Sackton: The the biggest, most defining feature is this rift
Tim Sackton: that you can see this crack in the sea floor and
Tim Sackton: and well be
Tim Sackton: note, you notice there seems to be
Tim Sackton: a
Tim Sackton: strong current that's flowing
Tim Sackton: sort of
Tim Sackton: in across and sort of into the crack
Tim Sackton: somehow. So imagine you're like looking down. So the so the crack is like, maybe
Tim Sackton: at, you know.
Tim Sackton: 11 o'clock or sorry one o'clock, roughly.
Tim Sackton: like long crack, and then
Tim Sackton: there's like a a
Tim Sackton: in the sort of center. Looking down from where you are, there's
Tim Sackton: basically sort of a ruined structure that looks maybe like this background image like
Tim Sackton: this used to be some sort of town city center, or whatever, and it's been ruined. And there's this, like all of the jade, all of the
Tim Sackton: kalp is sort of
Tim Sackton: rotted and
Tim Sackton: collapsed
Tim Sackton: the buildings that maybe once were bright coral have been destroyed. And there's
Tim Sackton: there's what almost looks like in the center of this
Tim Sackton: a big sort of open.
Tim Sackton: almost like a pool within the ocean, right? So this maybe once would have been some other kind of water or something
Tim Sackton: It's
Tim Sackton: every now and then, you see, like ripples across the surface of this water that seem to be
Tim Sackton: not caused by the current.
Tim Sackton: Then looking.
Tim Sackton: So that's in the center.
Tim Sackton: looking sort of at. I don't know.
Tim Sackton: 7, 8 o'clock. You can see
Tim Sackton: these 2 help towers that kind of swirl up
Tim Sackton: with what seemed like
Tim Sackton: guards
Tim Sackton: on the tower, sort of keeping an eye on what's moving in the city below.
Tim Sackton: They seem like
Tim Sackton: Murph, that nobody has seen you. You're high up and you're you're right up against the blur, the blur of the sentient ocean, which
Tim Sackton: basically makes you impossible to see until you move.
Mike Sackton: How far down you might have said it. But how far down is this?
Tim Sackton: Like a hundred feet.
Mike Sackton: Okay? So it's not.
Mike Sackton: And the city is.
Mike Sackton: are we?
Mike Sackton: Are we supposed to be thinking of like a mile across here, or like.
Tim Sackton: No, no, no! Much small like. Think
Tim Sackton: a thousand feet across.
Mike Sackton: And okay.
Tim Sackton: Like one fifth that size.
Tim Sackton: and then so then then there's sort of 2 patches of sort of tangled mats of kelp that extend
Tim Sackton: sort of to the like from like one from like one o'clock, or sorry from like 10 to Noonish going out in this direction, and from like 3 to
Tim Sackton: 5 going in this direction, so opposite sides
Tim Sackton: tangled, matted, still alive, but can't.
Tim Sackton: can see hardly anything below it.
Tim Sackton: I'm
Tim Sackton: in. There are in the sort of
Tim Sackton: you know. 10 to noon section.
Tim Sackton: It looks like there's a tall building that's been partially collapsed, and the tangled mats of kalp are sort of falling around this tall building in the
Tim Sackton: in the
Tim Sackton: 2 to 5 section. You can see the occasional, maybe
Tim Sackton: hot or little house, that sort of grown up, woven out of kalp
Tim Sackton: and every now and then well be, you'll catch what looks like a glimpse of movement in that area moving from from
Tim Sackton: sort of hot to hot, but not
Tim Sackton: you're too far off, and it's too dim light, and the and the
Tim Sackton: distance is too great to be really certain other than like the occasional flash of movement, probably more folk. But it's hard to say why.
Mike Sackton: Now our assumption is, these people are likely all hostile, although you said that they were, seems to be watching.
Mike Sackton: Were you? Did I hear that right? They're watching in, not out.
Mike Sackton: Did I.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, watching around. So
Tim Sackton: a safe assumption would be, these are hospitals.
Mike Sackton: And the the guards on the wall look like they're they're scouting for, say, people coming towards the city.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Can we stealth this invisibility.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: certainly, if you're invisible, you can be stealthy if you're not invisible, it depends on where you're trying to go.
Tim Sackton: So the way to envision. This is, there's a bubble of the sentient ocean that's on top of the city.
Tim Sackton: As long as you stay right at the surface of that bubble. You are
Tim Sackton: invisible to anybody below you because you're within this blurring illusion effect. Once you go like maybe 10 feet out of the
Tim Sackton: sentient oceans. Bubble, you're you're in the clear, and unless you are invisible, or
Tim Sackton: have some other way to break line of sight, you can't easily stealth.
Mike Sackton: And we're still on Tiga right.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: Okay. So the portal is presumably somewhere in the city.
Mike Sackton: What?
Mike Sackton: Okay?
Kate Sackton: Possibly as easy as the pool of different water.
Kate Sackton: We kind of said maybe.
Eric Rosenbaum: Too easy.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wouldn't.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What about subterfuge? I mean, what if we are
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): by
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Chardonian
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): people there to negotiate, to
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): kill the sentient ocean because it's a threat to our city, or something like that, like maybe there's
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): is there a way to
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): negotiate our way into an audience and then
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): trinket jade.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I like the I like this thread.
Eric Rosenbaum: The jade is on the far side. Right
Eric Rosenbaum: jade is Anson.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where? Oh, I I still can't sense it right. It's still, it's still in the other dimension.
Tim Sackton: It's in the other dimension, so you can't sense its location.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do we know where the portal is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or how far.
Tim Sackton: Is not.
Eric Rosenbaum: Why? Why are we.
Tim Sackton: So I seem to recall. If Seeker looked at as much items, it might see something that could be useful.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, my gosh!
Eric Rosenbaum: Let me just have a look at my magic items and see if there's something that might be useful.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Did.
Tim Sackton: A wand, maybe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The really tarish.
Kate Sackton: Cleaner, sensing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So really good original idea that you came up with yourself
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to check your magic.
Tim Sackton: So sometimes you need hints to remember what I've given you.
Tim Sackton: I'm very excited when you got it.
Eric Rosenbaum: A wand of detect magic. No.
Tim Sackton: The description.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, this portal sounds magic.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, oh, my God!
Eric Rosenbaum: What wait.
Eric Rosenbaum: guys! You should read! You want to do the description.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Own.
Eric Rosenbaum: Should read the descriptions of things
Eric Rosenbaum: and your inventory, because sometimes they're interesting.
Eric Rosenbaum: you can expend all 3 charges to cause it to point as a compass towards the nearest stationary extra planar portal.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This company.
Eric Rosenbaum: Behavior lasts until you dismiss it, or the next dough, and whichever comes first
Eric Rosenbaum: and only attacks open portals that can be transited, not weak points, closed portals or other areas of extra planar influence.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: That sounds useful.
Eric Rosenbaum: I really didn't I? Yeah, I was like, Oh, detect magic, and I don't need that.
Mike Sackton: Am.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I put it away.
Mike Sackton: But does that? How does that help us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'll just find the location of the portal.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, it does.
Mike Sackton: No, I get that. How does how does that?
Mike Sackton: If our plan is to go seek an audience with Brulee, they'll take us to the portal
Mike Sackton: right or.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just sneak off.
Kate Sackton: Well, it gives us the option to not do the substuage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Try to make a dash for the portal.
Mike Sackton: Okay, so
Mike Sackton: it seems like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Us.
Eric Rosenbaum: The seeker is taking out the wand.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, there you go. It seems like we have 3 choices.
Mike Sackton: Trick them, sneak past them, kill them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's do sneak past.
Kate Sackton: Or at least get enough of a head start that we outpace them like if we're directly above the portal.
Mike Sackton: Any of us know how to swim.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm wearing a magic clock, lets me swim.
Tim Sackton: I'll be in. Well, be in Kenzo.
Tim Sackton: And so, as a magic cloak, Robby knows how to swim.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can. I can animate a ladder that knows how to swim and write it?
Eric Rosenbaum: I so.
Mike Sackton: Moving quickly is, gonna be not our strong suit. I think.
Kate Sackton: So like a 90 foot dash is still too far.
Eric Rosenbaum: Poly morph into something fast in the water.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Had you? Yeah, poly morph into like a like a, you know, a whale kind of whale.
Eric Rosenbaum: Absolutely sure.
Mike Sackton: Oh!
Eric Rosenbaum: And minute. 10 min, though but.
Mike Sackton: Hallmarff's a great way to sneak past somebody
Mike Sackton: who would bother a little fishy.
Eric Rosenbaum: Holding a magic wand.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: while we speculate, floating
Eric Rosenbaum: seeker manages to extract a small, unassuming looking wooden wand from his giant pack without getting that much water back into it.
Kate Sackton: What are the limitations of our admissibility
Kate Sackton: options?
Kate Sackton: Do we have an invisibility option that covers 5 people
Kate Sackton: or 4 people, plus one person who's probably morphed into an you know.
Kate Sackton: Do we have.
Mike Sackton: I can do 4.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 4 plus fish.
Mike Sackton: How far is it from here to the portal? Do we think.
Kate Sackton: So my theory is that what I was trying to spell out is that if everything is like a we're on a
Kate Sackton: a big bubbly plane above the thing, and wherever we figure out the
Kate Sackton: portal is is going to be 90 feet down
Kate Sackton: from where we're
Kate Sackton: visible is my like, like, we could just go
Kate Sackton: in the plane that we're in.
Mike Sackton: Right? Okay.
Kate Sackton: Great of home. Unfortunately.
Eric Rosenbaum: And hour.
Mike Sackton: Ask.
Eric Rosenbaum: What's the what's the shape of the boundary between the scent ocean and the region inside? Is it like a sort of dome or.
Tim Sackton: It's a dumb. I'm drawing it on.
Tim Sackton: and unrelated and.
Mike Sackton: Wait, and we're only 90 feet above the ground here.
Tim Sackton: Roughly speaking, yes.
Mike Sackton: Okay, so yeah, Kate's idea sounds perfect. Then.
Eric Rosenbaum: We sort of transit laterally.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I have to log into role 20.
Tim Sackton: Okay. If you go
Tim Sackton: for all 20,
Tim Sackton: here's my crude little drawing.
Tim Sackton: Add one more thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright, nice.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So
Tim Sackton: so you are.
Tim Sackton: You are roughly like, say.
Tim Sackton: here, when you come through.
Tim Sackton: or sort of maybe here, like maybe 6 o'clock.
Tim Sackton: These 2 little things right here I'll put. I'll put X. I'll put
Tim Sackton: X's on them. These are the 2 calp towers that have.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good, how.
Tim Sackton: Cards on them.
Tim Sackton: this is
Tim Sackton: this is the rubble field.
Tim Sackton: This is the living calp
Tim Sackton: up here. This is the
Tim Sackton: the like building.
Tim Sackton: the like big building. These are the little hots.
Tim Sackton: This is live in calp.
Tim Sackton: This is dead count. And then this is the weird pool.
Tim Sackton: And then there's a
Tim Sackton: a current
Tim Sackton: that Wellbe seems to see. There's a current that's that's flowing like that.
Mike Sackton: Okay. So
Mike Sackton: why don't we stay in the sent ocean until we're directly above the weird pool?
Mike Sackton: Step one
Mike Sackton: right.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm I'm just gonna get out the one. And and yeah.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I mean the one.
Eric Rosenbaum: And Garrett.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, let's use that one before we discuss any further.
Eric Rosenbaum: I do the.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: the wand is pointing.
Tim Sackton: Do? I'll just say OP. Is north. It's pointing due north.
Tim Sackton: pointing it exactly noon from where you are right now.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hello!
Mike Sackton: And
Mike Sackton: does it.
Kate Sackton: We're at 6 o'clock.
Tim Sackton: You're at 6 o'clock.
Eric Rosenbaum: To the pool.
Eric Rosenbaum: What's this structure, though? This box here? Yeah.
Tim Sackton: That's like what used to be a large building that's partial and partially destroy. Well.
Tim Sackton: it's hard to see, because it's surrounded by
Tim Sackton: it. Feels like.
Eric Rosenbaum: It could it could be in the building. I think this flow could be something else.
Mike Sackton: Is the one does the 1 point in 3 dimensions, or only 2.
Tim Sackton: 2.
Eric Rosenbaum: Deal. Okay.
Mike Sackton: Okay. But.
Tim Sackton: Designed for operating in an undersea environment.
Mike Sackton: It is magical, anyway.
Mike Sackton: but that's okay. 2 doesn't really limit us that much. We can go on along the dome and
Mike Sackton: keep it point? I mean, how would it point if you were directly above something.
Eric Rosenbaum: It would spin.
Mike Sackton: We are just.
Tim Sackton: It's been, yeah.
Mike Sackton: So that's as good as pointing in 3 dimensions. Why don't we
Mike Sackton: state
Mike Sackton: in the fuzz of the sentient ocean and swim along
Mike Sackton: until the wand starts spinning.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, either will be over the pool, and it'll start spinning, or it'll be still pointing towards the building, and then we'll be over the building, and we'll start spinning.
Mike Sackton: Correct.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can I also get ready my polymorph spill? I guess that's not my thing. But anyway, I'm thinking.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you can't really.
Tim Sackton: I mean, I mean, think about it. You could be prepared to cast it, but it can't. Ready actions outside of.
Mike Sackton: 4 session.
Mike Sackton: Relatively.
Mike Sackton: I mean, we feel relatively comfortable that we can't be seen in the sent ocean bubbles.
Tim Sackton: As long as you're within this
Tim Sackton: you're still being protected by the sentient until you move 10 feet out.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: So we should be able to.
Tim Sackton: Already accomplished.
Mike Sackton: Okay. So we should be able to find the
Mike Sackton: portal without risk.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So you begin to swim.
Tim Sackton: and as you move the wand keeps pointing straight.
Tim Sackton: 12 o'clock
Tim Sackton: you swim over these 2 towers, and looking down. You count
Tim Sackton: something like
Tim Sackton: You see
Tim Sackton: about 10 Norfolk warriors.
Tim Sackton: Some of them are obviously minions.
Tim Sackton: Plus 2 additional warriors that are mounted on on giant manta rays that are swimming around in circles, and every now and then they'll like glance up.
Tim Sackton: They seem to be keeping watch on
Tim Sackton: actually all directions. Not just
Tim Sackton: up. What?
Mike Sackton: What is the range of their circling? Are they circling around? Are they.
Tim Sackton: They're circling. So I mean, this whole thing is like a thousand
Tim Sackton: feet across. So
Tim Sackton: you know.
Tim Sackton: one foot is.
Tim Sackton: yeah. Say, it's like, roughly 10 feet. They're circling, basically just as far, essentially as this edge of the
Tim Sackton: pool sort of in a circle like this. But they're not going over the pool.
Tim Sackton: and they're not going.
Tim Sackton: They're not crossing. What again, as you're drifting over, it seems to be some pretty strong currents that are flowing
Tim Sackton: left to right across
Tim Sackton: this sort of surface here.
Mike Sackton: As the one still pointing to north.
Tim Sackton: The wand is still pointing due north.
Tim Sackton: As you go.
Tim Sackton: class
Tim Sackton: them, go past the pool
Tim Sackton: you can now see. Well be would notice this as you're looking in this direction
Tim Sackton: somewhat
Tim Sackton: unexpectedly, I think you would. You see
Tim Sackton: what looks like? I'll work
Tim Sackton: group harvesting. Something is like
Tim Sackton: people that are tied together with a rope.
Tim Sackton: 6 murph tied together with a rope.
Tim Sackton: and they're
Tim Sackton: hacking down
Tim Sackton: cow.
Tim Sackton: and there's another 6
Tim Sackton: Murph, with javelins
Tim Sackton: watching over them, and occasionally
Tim Sackton: you know, kind of glancing down, and like.
Tim Sackton: you know, banging, or sort of seemingly driving them to work harder.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): These are sent in ocean workflow being enslaved by.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We're luckmar folk.
Mike Sackton: Probably.
Tim Sackton: Wand is still pointing to north.
Eric Rosenbaum: And we're like year now.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you're like, there, now.
Tim Sackton: hey.
Mike Sackton: Gun.
Tim Sackton: As you keep going.
Tim Sackton: Well, me, you.
Tim Sackton: you notice, like
Tim Sackton: you're at the top of what seems like a pretty steep temperature gradient
Tim Sackton: like the ocean is much warmer. If you go down.
Tim Sackton: it's actually getting warmer
Tim Sackton: where you are right, despite the fact that
Tim Sackton: you're far away, and it seems like there's a maybe a
Tim Sackton: a hot
Tim Sackton: current that's flowing beneath. You can see little structs of
Tim Sackton: count moving quite rapidly in the water below you.
Tim Sackton: You continue to go, and
Tim Sackton: as you get to write about
Tim Sackton: here.
Tim Sackton: you can see a few more things. One is
Tim Sackton: just as you get to roughly the center of this building the wand starts spinning in a circle.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: You now have a a much clearer view to the sort of northeast.
Tim Sackton: and you can see that there's another. There seems to be
Tim Sackton: something of a road that
Tim Sackton: passes through this.
Tim Sackton: It like exits this kelp forest right here, and it passes through this
Tim Sackton: dead zone, and then seems to enter the kelp forest here, possibly the remains of some
Tim Sackton: path from the old city.
Tim Sackton: and there was a second group of Murfok that seemed to be patrolling along this
Tim Sackton: this road.
Tim Sackton: They're sort of swimming slowly, sort of keeping an eye out
Tim Sackton: roughly the same size as the first group you saw the ones that are guarding over here.
Mike Sackton: And what.
Tim Sackton: Current, hop.
Mike Sackton: Sorry. Go ahead. You could finish first.
Tim Sackton: Current seems to be rushing down into this chasm.
Mike Sackton: What is the
Mike Sackton: how far away are we from the top of this building?
Tim Sackton: Hmm! 40 feet something like that
Tim Sackton: 50 feet.
Mike Sackton: And what's it like? What does it look like.
Tim Sackton: So the top, once you get on top of it, you actually can't see the building anymore. It's completely overgrown with rotted count that's swaying in this current, but as you approach from the side
Tim Sackton: front here is somewhat clear, and you could see it looks.
Tim Sackton: It looks like there's
Tim Sackton: it's almost like a Greek temple made out of
Tim Sackton: kelp.
Tim Sackton: like there's columns out front that spiral up, and then there's
Tim Sackton: there's a sort of big grand entry way.
Tim Sackton: but the roof is sort of covered. In this rotting the roof scene is partially destroyed, collapsed in on itself and covered in rotting kelp.
Tim Sackton: It seems like it was some civic building or some
Tim Sackton: something like that. It's hard to say exactly, but it's definitely the the only other buildings you've seen
Tim Sackton: are these like little
Tim Sackton: little hots.
Tim Sackton: and the towers seem more like they were constructed.
Eric Rosenbaum: Be clear that we're folks. Structures here are not made of stone. They're made of.
Tim Sackton: They seem to be kind of growing over
Tim Sackton: stone.
Eric Rosenbaum: Coral! Oh, cool.
Tim Sackton: Calp growing over coral, or something like that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Ride.
Tim Sackton: You also actually speaking of Carl, you see that there's a number of
Tim Sackton: bleached and dead coral heads in this zone here, and a very large bleached and dead coral head in this
Tim Sackton: this rubble area.
Tim Sackton: You can also now see, as you get to the middle, that the current
Tim Sackton: seems that this strong current seems to be flowing like along the
Tim Sackton: along the edge. Here
Tim Sackton: and then
Tim Sackton: turning
Tim Sackton: in a spiral.
Eric Rosenbaum: Weird.
Eric Rosenbaum: Why is the water flowing into the dash?
Eric Rosenbaum: Is it like being sucked down into it?
Eric Rosenbaum: Stuff blowing through and disappearing into the.
Tim Sackton: You can't really see into the gosh! It's hard to say
Tim Sackton: the gas. It's dark down in the gash like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: You can't, and it's hard to track
Tim Sackton: like there's little fronds of seaweed and kalp and stuff floating.
Tim Sackton: but it's it's too hard to track individual pieces
Tim Sackton: that far, so
Tim Sackton: you'd have to swim down to really understand the
Tim Sackton: dynamics of the water flow here.
Tim Sackton: You're now
Tim Sackton: stopped
Tim Sackton: right about there
Tim Sackton: with the wand, slowly spinning in a circle indicating you're directly above the portal.
Eric Rosenbaum: In some way, Wilby, can you talk to any fish and get them to
Eric Rosenbaum: investigate.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This is an excellent idea. Yes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm gonna hail the passing fish
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): plan.
Tim Sackton: There don't seem to be any fish swimming in the sentient ocean water.
Eric Rosenbaum: Up.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): There any fish in the non-sentient ocean water.
Tim Sackton: it's hard to say you definitely see some movement like
Tim Sackton: along the surface of the
Tim Sackton: of the
Tim Sackton: of this building, and especially like in this more alive calp on this side over here.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, there's life moving around a little bit. There's a few. There's like some, some crab, some like spiny lobsters picking at things.
Tim Sackton: There's a few fish, occasional school of fish. You'll see. Nothing seems to be
Tim Sackton: swimming
Tim Sackton: through this current that you can see.
Tim Sackton: like everything is below this current.
Mike Sackton: This is all beneath us.
Tim Sackton: This is all beneath you.
Mike Sackton: And how
Mike Sackton: the roof of the building is 50 feet down. You said
Mike Sackton: Ish.
Tim Sackton: Rough. It's hard to judge precisely other than that. It's like halfway to the ground.
Mike Sackton: Does that seem to be beneath the roof of the building is probably beneath the current.
Tim Sackton: Yes. Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So we have to figure a way to cross the current, which is presumably nothing. We should just run through.
Kate Sackton: Given that most of us can't swim.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, that's right. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I assume we can all
Mike Sackton: swim in the sense that
Mike Sackton: we can't. Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Call ourselves kind of amateurly, but.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: but swimming against a strong current is not.
Mike Sackton: Check. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Straightforward.
Tim Sackton: even for good swimmers. It's not trivial.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: What if I became like? I was thinking like a giant shark, would be fast and capable, but a little bit obvious, like a little bit noticeable.
Eric Rosenbaum: What if I was a manta ray of like a small size?
Eric Rosenbaum: Because there's other rays around.
Tim Sackton: The only other rays he is seen are being our giant mantarines being used as mounts by the Murf.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right. I'm an escape. I'm a Juke.
Mike Sackton: Hold on step. One
Mike Sackton: clairvoyance to the inside of the building.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, it's so funny! I didn't even think of that for underwater. It's just weird
Eric Rosenbaum: integration. But yes, absolutely. I should do that. You're right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kenzel also wants to is commuting with nature to zoom setting, and so.
Tim Sackton: I think the casting time on clairvoyance is 10 min. Is that right?
Mike Sackton: Is it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, that's sounds right.
Tim Sackton: Which is fine. I just wanted so Kenza is commuting with nature. You're casting.
Mike Sackton: Oh, yeah. Just 10 min.
Tim Sackton: Clairvoyance
Tim Sackton: directly below you to where you would think the portal is. That's where you want the sensor to appear.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. So like inside the
Eric Rosenbaum: collapse building. But underneath the roof.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's gonna be dark in there.
Tim Sackton: Well, you have. You have darkers and your clairvoyance, your senses.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm, okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: yes, I'll do that.
Tim Sackton: Okay,
Tim Sackton: Kenzo is. Kenzo is communed with nature. Ritual also takes about 10 min in this 10 min. Well.
Tim Sackton: Seeker and Kenzo are
Tim Sackton: sensing what's around. Do the rest of you want to do anything.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, Pope.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): try to talk to a fish telepathically, anyways, maybe I can get a little something.
Tim Sackton: What's the range of your.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Racial telepathy, which I think is 1 20.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: okay,
Tim Sackton: mike and Kate are either of you doing anything
Tim Sackton: resident and.
Tim Sackton: Joan.
Eric Rosenbaum: Heading, water.
Mike Sackton: Huh!
Tim Sackton: Treading in place.
Mike Sackton: There's all kinds of things I could do with shape water, but I don't think any of them are useful.
Tim Sackton: Okay, let me know if you want, if you change your mind. But for now I'll assume Jonathan Briswin are are just kind of keeping watch and holding station.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Not really sure we need to ask the gods about any of our upcoming decisions or anything. So I'm gonna hold off.
Tim Sackton: Sure. Can you make a animal handling check for Weldi?
Tim Sackton: Actually make a
Tim Sackton: a
Tim Sackton: use? Your animal handling proficiency, but but roll with charisma.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Just
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): subtract 3. So that's 27.
Tim Sackton: Okay. I don't know why I ask you to roll checks anymore.
Tim Sackton: it's great. I love it. It's awesome having a rogue in your party. There's never any secrets.
Tim Sackton: there's never any clues. You don't find.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, our our trouble really isn't putting the clues together.
Tim Sackton: Exactly.
Eric Rosenbaum: It sure is.
Tim Sackton: okay, so so. Well, well, Seeker and and Kenzo are
Tim Sackton: communing with magic and spirit respectively
Tim Sackton: or reversely, I forget which order I said, your names welby reaches out telepathically to
Tim Sackton: A. The. The the most likely thing you see is a small
Tim Sackton: fish that
Tim Sackton: you know. Maybe like one of those little like
Tim Sackton: red sort of squirrel fish type creatures that sort of
Tim Sackton: quickly fluttering around this calp on the roof of the building.
Tim Sackton: And it it kind of startles.
Tim Sackton: and you see it like flap and and go to hide when this voice reaches into its head, but it
Tim Sackton: pauses, and then looks up around and seems to be waiting for your question.
Tim Sackton: But this is.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But fish before.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You were. Gonna say, sorry.
Tim Sackton: This is, you're not doing beast.
Tim Sackton: You have to hold the animal to do. Bs, right? So this is just
Tim Sackton: just talking.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Right.
Tim Sackton: So.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yes.
Tim Sackton: What are you saying.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Up.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yes. Say, Hello! Hello! Fish! What?
Eric Rosenbaum: Good start.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What? What's in the
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): building? Editors? Danger.
Tim Sackton: It kind of
Tim Sackton: out
Tim Sackton: almost like you get this over this like wave of
Tim Sackton: sort of
Tim Sackton: discuss. Bad food.
Tim Sackton: Don't go
Tim Sackton: them.
Tim Sackton: The the sense
Tim Sackton: something bad.
Tim Sackton: Thinks your food.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Very good.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm gonna try to ask you 2 about this current thing. So
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): you know, above you, moving water.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): passing.
Tim Sackton: The fish doesn't have a very clear way to communicate scalding.
Tim Sackton: That's the sense you get like
Tim Sackton: jump back.
Tim Sackton: and and you sort of see this image of it. It like swims through the calp.
Tim Sackton: and it sort of darts off
Tim Sackton: like the closer you are to the edge of this bubble the less bad the current is.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Good hiding places in the kelp.
Tim Sackton: you get this
Tim Sackton: wave of like
Tim Sackton: that's its home is basically what it's communicating.
Tim Sackton: That's where it lives in in this green.
Tim Sackton: This green part up here.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm trying to figure out like, what are there places closer to the building that are
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): undisturbed, or like a way that we can get is
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So I'm wondering that I'm also wondering. Is there anywhere that the current? Isn't
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that the scalding isn't.
Tim Sackton: So you sense that this fish has a very relatively limited
Tim Sackton: brick
Tim Sackton: at
Tim Sackton: life experience.
Tim Sackton: And it's basically basically its world is.
Tim Sackton: you know, this green part in the northwest corner of the map.
Tim Sackton: That's the only place that's ever been.
Tim Sackton: Occasionally it comes up here to look for
Tim Sackton: up on the roof to look for little
Tim Sackton: snacks or whatever can scrounge.
Tim Sackton: but not for long, because of
Tim Sackton: bad danger. Thinks it's food inside.
Tim Sackton: and then it'll duck back down to you get a sense that it's repeat that's like
Tim Sackton: spends most of its time down in the kalp, like there's some
Tim Sackton: some life there still.
Tim Sackton: it's never even crossed this open space to this other account over here.
Tim Sackton: So it's not very great at giving you a depiction of like.
Tim Sackton: you know what's out there, except the sense that it, you know, considers this kelp forest here, home.
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: closer to the edge.
Tim Sackton: It goes up further
Tim Sackton: so, but it never really goes above the top of the calp, and the current is above top of the calc, so.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Anything else we want from this fish.
Eric Rosenbaum: But the current is hot.
Eric Rosenbaum: the water's hot.
Eric Rosenbaum: Where's what's heating it at?
Eric Rosenbaum: We don't.
Kate Sackton: Evil, volcano, magic.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sounds plausible, right? But but is it right, is it? Is there something powering it? Is there a way to turn it off. If we can't get around it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The fish wouldn't know, but.
Tim Sackton: There are as well these conversations.
Kate Sackton: The whirlpool, pause, button.
Tim Sackton: Right. Just there's a button on the wall. You just turn the timer to 0 and the world go off, I mean.
Tim Sackton: as well be conversation with the fish is going on.
Tim Sackton: Seeker
Tim Sackton: finishes casting clairvoyance, and the sensor appears in the darkness of this
Tim Sackton: below the roof of this central building
Tim Sackton: and what you see.
Tim Sackton: hold on one. Sec.
Tim Sackton: Where is that in my desk? Okay. So you see the interior
Tim Sackton: of this building? It seems to be
Tim Sackton: a
Tim Sackton: courtyard.
Tim Sackton: It seems to be what, what? What it seems like you're looking down at is what was once an open courtyard in the center of the building, but has now been grown over. As this rotted kelp
Tim Sackton: has been blown, or pulled, or moved or dragged by the current to cover and form this sort of dark corrupted mat over the top of that you can see that there's
Tim Sackton: walls around the side like there's it's like a Italian villa style, right? So there's like rooms in the
Tim Sackton: the. The.
Tim Sackton: The outer ring of the building and the courtyard is was once open to the sky, but now is no longer.
Tim Sackton: You obviously can't see
Tim Sackton: into the building itself. From where the clairvoyance centers
Tim Sackton: position. You can just see this now closed off courtyard.
Tim Sackton: but the now closed off courtyard is
Tim Sackton: definitely not empty.
Tim Sackton: and you see
Tim Sackton: pacing around.
Tim Sackton: The
Tim Sackton: let me just see
Tim Sackton: pacing around the
Tim Sackton: The the center of this courtyard
Tim Sackton: is a
Tim Sackton: huge
Tim Sackton: creature, maybe
Tim Sackton: 20 feet tall.
Tim Sackton: carrying a
Tim Sackton: trident
Tim Sackton: in one hand, and then, with like tentacles that are coming out from its head.
Tim Sackton: It looks like maybe once it was
Tim Sackton: vaguely humanoid.
Tim Sackton: But it's been.
Tim Sackton: It's clearly, not vaguely humanoid. Now it's giant. It has its hands look vaguely like Murpho cans. There's like long fingers with webbing between them, and it's got this like webbing along the underside of its arm. It's legs have fused together into a more like sort of classical Murman style. Single tail
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: its eyes are just completely
Tim Sackton: black, opaque.
Tim Sackton: as it sort of paces around
Tim Sackton: a glowing magical portal.
Eric Rosenbaum: He's.
Tim Sackton: And to.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. Portal.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Will I describe this
Eric Rosenbaum: situation?
Eric Rosenbaum: Tell me about the tentacles on the head.
Tim Sackton: Then.
Eric Rosenbaum: Cynical.
Tim Sackton: Maybe a dozen of them.
Tim Sackton: and they look tentacly.
Tim Sackton: Like. I could probably attack you with them.
Mike Sackton: Does it
Mike Sackton: like? What's the entrance to this building like.
Tim Sackton: you can't really see, because it's the kelp. The like rotted kelp sort of extends around, but.
Mike Sackton: I mean when we saw the okay. But so
Mike Sackton: how
Mike Sackton: I mean is this likely to fit out a door.
Tim Sackton: No.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: One presumes it came through the port.
Mike Sackton: So here's my plan.
Mike Sackton: Find a way to
Mike Sackton: white.
Mike Sackton: draw a little hole in the ceiling, or something, so I can see through cast sickening radiance in, watch it die.
Eric Rosenbaum: Interesting.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, I'm certainly willing to bravely stay here while you do that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yes, it.
Kate Sackton: Me good.
Mike Sackton: Like I need help.
Kate Sackton: Drilling a hole into that roof.
Mike Sackton: The challenge with doing that is one.
Mike Sackton: I assume the various Murpho guards would come after us.
Kate Sackton: Well, if you're invisible.
Mike Sackton: Can't be.
Kate Sackton: And how many.
Mike Sackton: And 16 radiance at the same time.
Kate Sackton: Can you be invisible, and burrow into the gross kelp.
Kate Sackton: and then become UN invisible.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hey, go!
Eric Rosenbaum: I could also, just like performance of creation, a big ball of kelp for you to hide inside.
Eric Rosenbaum: That would be noticeable.
Mike Sackton: The other thing isn't right.
Eric Rosenbaum: And.
Mike Sackton: I I don't think I have any way of making a hole in the ceiling.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, we also don't know if the
Eric Rosenbaum: kelp is somehow corrupted.
Eric Rosenbaum: Not just rotting. Maybe.
Tim Sackton: I I don't wanna poo poo this plan, but if it
Tim Sackton: came from the elemental plain of water through the portal, it could presumably go back
Tim Sackton: to the elemental plain of water through the portal.
Mike Sackton: So cat.
Eric Rosenbaum: Lucifer, and radiance wouldn't hurt it.
Tim Sackton: If it's on the other side of the portal, the second ingredients wouldn't hurt that.
Mike Sackton: If it please.
Mike Sackton: to the other side.
Mike Sackton: then we don't have to kill it to get to the portal.
Kate Sackton: We just drop sickening radiance, go through ourselves and then have to fight it on the other side.
Mike Sackton: Or we go through invisibly and sneak away from it on the other side.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, you have many options. I'm not. I just wanna make sure you didn't think from my description that it wouldn't be able to escape through the
Tim Sackton: portal to the plate of water.
Mike Sackton: I don't know if it's I don't know if it's worth
Mike Sackton: it, if it just escapes.
Mike Sackton: But.
Tim Sackton: Before you continue planning, kenzo comes out of his, finishes his trance and reaches out your awareness to commune
Tim Sackton: with
Tim Sackton: nature.
Tim Sackton: You sense? So
Tim Sackton: the first thing that you sense is just this wave of of
Tim Sackton: a sort of an assault
Tim Sackton: of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Loving kindness.
Tim Sackton: No, the opposite. I was trying to come up with the right words.
Tim Sackton: I'm just literal opera.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Feminity.
Tim Sackton: Kindness.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Amity.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. I'm the team.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The levelists.
Tim Sackton: Lavalaner
Tim Sackton: that seems to be spreading from so so in these.
Tim Sackton: in these, this
Tim Sackton: field, here of dead kelp and bleached coral
Tim Sackton: seems, and especially like this
Tim Sackton: center of this
Tim Sackton: rift here, right? The sort of end of this rift that's buried within this field of
Tim Sackton: bleached coral and dead calp seems to be
Tim Sackton: where this malevolins is.
Tim Sackton: oops
Tim Sackton: spreading from, and it almost feels like this slow creep
Tim Sackton: as it
Tim Sackton: gradually begins to inch its way
Tim Sackton: into these
Tim Sackton: fields of still living kelp like you can feel this edge, this boundary.
Tim Sackton: that where the the kelp is being slowly
Tim Sackton: corroded and dying from this
Tim Sackton: malevolence that's spreading.
Tim Sackton: You can sense quite clearly. Your communal nature also allows you to sense portals.
Tim Sackton: You can sense the portal to the plane of water.
Tim Sackton: you can also sense
Tim Sackton: There's something
Tim Sackton: unnatural in the pool.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A natural hop.
Tim Sackton: A
Tim Sackton: like something
Tim Sackton: big and with a
Tim Sackton: sleeping now, but with a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, shit.
Tim Sackton: Desire for
Tim Sackton: a sort of
Tim Sackton: barely contained hunger
Tim Sackton: is lurking beneath that water.
Eric Rosenbaum: We should definitely, accidentally write that up where it is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Which, telling, what.
Eric Rosenbaum: Accidentally wake it up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, that's kind of our thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's that's what I'm saying.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, I communicate that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to the fellowship.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: huh?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's the plan?
Mike Sackton: I think we should be trying to get inside the building without anybody seeing us.
Eric Rosenbaum: You're cute.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright. I like that.
Mike Sackton: Either
Mike Sackton: either before or after, so
Mike Sackton: we could try to.
Mike Sackton: One option would be to.
Mike Sackton: So the obstacles between us and the building are the scalding hot current.
Mike Sackton: the Murpho Guards.
Mike Sackton: and whatever is in the building itself
Mike Sackton: that are not the monster.
Mike Sackton: because there's no actual door in the roof.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Mike Sackton: dimension door will get us in
Mike Sackton: to the building, but only some of us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But also some of us could be an invisible and stealthy like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And so, and Bobby.
Mike Sackton: A good swimmer
Mike Sackton: could potentially
Mike Sackton: get
Mike Sackton: through.
Eric Rosenbaum: There!
Mike Sackton: Current with only minor scalding damage.
Mike Sackton: But maybe the minor scalding damage would be major, and or
Mike Sackton: even a good swimmer would get blown into the
Mike Sackton: crevice and die.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Cannot?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How many can we dimension door.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's just me and one other.
Mike Sackton: We could just send Seeker and
Mike Sackton: Briswyn on the quest to get the jade, and the rest of us could just stay here in the sanitation.
Eric Rosenbaum: A sudden storm in the castle. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's what happened.
Eric Rosenbaum: Could we could do it?
Mike Sackton: There are some other
Mike Sackton: options for.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And can can I like see like? Is it? Is it gonna be? Is it gonna suck me in, or is it gonna be like not that bad to swim through.
Tim Sackton: The current. I mean, it's moving pretty quick, like you can see the like every now, and you know you'll see like little little bits of calpers, something floating through it. And it's but it's hard to see
Tim Sackton: where it's going other than over in the direction of this crevice, because.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: You know it's dim light. There's only so you can't just can't see details that far out, to be sure.
Tim Sackton: and it's like at least 20 feet below you where the current is like you. Probably it's hard to. It's hard to be certain
Tim Sackton: without getting closer to it.
Tim Sackton: How bad it is, but it's fast like this is not
Tim Sackton: Is this like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like a. Is this like a strength thing? Or is this like an acrobatics, dexterity thing to like.
Tim Sackton: It's a strength.
Tim Sackton: I mean. Alright. This is like unique.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I was about to. Yeah. Kevin was about to like, look at. Well, me and me like want to swim for it. But maybe not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Maybe it's not gonna.
Tim Sackton: Now Kenza would have advantage. Because you have a you're a cloak of a manta ray.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And if it's a strength thing
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's wrong.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know.
Kate Sackton: Mean deal with mentioned shape water. I have control water, which is like a stronger version of that. Like I can make.
Kate Sackton: What waves and stuff 300 foot area of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And you create calm passage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: my counterforces to.
Kate Sackton: I'm asking like, how strong is
Kate Sackton: my control over water.
Mike Sackton: Wait. You cause flowing water and area to move in a direction you choose.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Perfect. So just do an opposite direction that it's going, and then we have.
Mike Sackton: That's right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Or you could do the part water effect on the flow of the current, and just let the normal water.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A shit.
Mike Sackton: Definitely, I mean, redirect flow should definitely allow you to move the direction of the water.
Mike Sackton: I was gonna try and do the same thing with shape water, but I was thinking it would be difficult in little 5 foot squares. In theory you could do a little 5 foot square right in front of where dealt with, where?
Mike Sackton: Where Kenza is trying to swim, to try and redirect the current, and like, do these stacking 5 foot squares. But it gets.
Eric Rosenbaum: Quite hard, you shape.
Mike Sackton: Control. Water is just makes it work, though.
Tim Sackton: Try one.
Eric Rosenbaum: Of
Eric Rosenbaum: to flavor wall of stone into wall of water
Eric Rosenbaum: that would block the current.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Stouch to flavor the water.
Mike Sackton: Make some add some, I mean, if we but yeah, it seems on control. Water seems like an easy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's do it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And great
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: South current across the current.
Tim Sackton: So if you swim straight down from where you are now, you'll be easily within sight of the guards on the tower.
Kate Sackton: We still have to do the plan where.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We're invisible.
Kate Sackton: One of us is a fish, and 4 of us are invisible.
Kate Sackton: or we need to do the plan where only Dell with is going down to cast this sickening radiance thing
Kate Sackton: or with me. And like. So some Mini party goes to cast the green radiance.
Mike Sackton: Well.
Mike Sackton: if we're okay. So.
Kate Sackton: Because you can't keep us invisible. Once we.
Mike Sackton: main challenge here is that just because we get to the roof doesn't mean we have an obvious way.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: from the roof.
Mike Sackton: How do we get into the building.
Eric Rosenbaum: We'll figure that out once we get to the roof.
Kate Sackton: How do we penetrate the so
Kate Sackton: Kenzo was doing the commune with nature thing, and he didn't sense a
Kate Sackton: toxic nature to the broading kelp like.
Tim Sackton: Well, it seems to be toxic to the living count whether it's toxic to.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But around.
Tim Sackton: Living humans was not clear.
Tim Sackton: That's sort of.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Think, was.
Kate Sackton: So by.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The building was like a real bill. I mean, it was a building in a.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, it's, yes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So somewhere there's gonna be access from the roof into the building.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): it may be hard to find, but
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): there's not gonna be a building, with with no entryway to the roof.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. The.
Kate Sackton: It never had a room.
Tim Sackton: Plenty of buildings.
Kate Sackton: Made entirely, I don't think. Well.
Mike Sackton: Sure it's I'm in a building right now, with no.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I can.
Mike Sackton: The roof.
Tim Sackton: There's going to be an entry from
Tim Sackton: from somewhere. That's not that like
Tim Sackton: there's got to be windows or doors somewhere, but they don't. They don't have to be on the roof. You might have to go off the side to get to the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh!
Tim Sackton: But also Gary.
Mike Sackton: That there's a door or a trap door up to the roof right.
Kate Sackton: But didn't.
Tim Sackton: Roof is not actually a roof from seekers clairvoyance.
Tim Sackton: It used to be open to the sky, and it's like
Tim Sackton: the flowing
Tim Sackton: water or the current, or the corruption, or something, has spread this like rotting kelp over the top of the.
Mike Sackton: But hold on. As far as we know, we might just be able to go straight through the web account. Then, right.
Kate Sackton: What I'm.
Tim Sackton: Certainly a possibility that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Why I was saying.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Certainly a possibility means you will die.
Tim Sackton: No, it doesn't.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just.
Tim Sackton: Will die.
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's just get down there and figure it out.
Mike Sackton: Well, the real.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Don't! Don't!
Mike Sackton: Reason I'm here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Might be more effective to have some people dimension door straight to the other side than to.
Eric Rosenbaum: To.
Mike Sackton: In particular
Mike Sackton: control water, polymorph and visibility
Mike Sackton: is one option
Mike Sackton: but
Mike Sackton: dimension to our trades for polymorph.
Mike Sackton: then it's probably safer.
Eric Rosenbaum: But once I'm down there
Eric Rosenbaum: I want a polymorph. Probably.
Mike Sackton: To fight the nasty monster.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe not.
Mike Sackton: And you could palm over into a giant crab and just kill it right, I mean.
Mike Sackton: But but you don't. You can't change. Can you change shape multiple times when you polymorph or you pick the.
Tim Sackton: Shape. Once you pick. The shape was.
Mike Sackton: So
Mike Sackton: a teeny fish is probably not
Mike Sackton: what you want to be, Paul morphed, as fighting the giant monster, cause it'll just eat you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's a good point. Save the polymer.
Tim Sackton: Teeny fish that Bobby talked to did say.
Tim Sackton: it's a bad creature that likes to eat teeny fish for food.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hey, Tim? When I do my my with nature, I can also sense like beings, you know, like in the range. Were there any other beings other than the 2 mayor of the the Murpho cards? Are there other Murfo nearby?
Tim Sackton: So.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On the map.
Tim Sackton: Yes, so there's there's
Tim Sackton: the guards that are sort of patrolling around these towers down here.
Tim Sackton: There's a second
Tim Sackton: guard patrol that seem that was like moving along a road through
Tim Sackton: this
Tim Sackton: corrupted area. Both containing about 10 ish murfolk.
Tim Sackton: There are a number of mer folk like 15 or 20 that seem to be doing something in here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, that works.
Tim Sackton: Right? This, this is the worker areas.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Awesome.
Tim Sackton: And there are another
Tim Sackton: dozen or so murfolk in the building.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, okay, great. And like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah, what's my spatial resolution? Can I like tell where they are in the building?
Tim Sackton: No, it's not it. Just it sort of gives you a like
Tim Sackton: Oh, well, it depends so your commune with nature doesn't. But you're like
Tim Sackton: key detection thing does.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes.
Tim Sackton: But that's not an ongoing effects that would give you where they are right now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, let's do that. Anyways, that way, we can just get a get a snapshot of like, who's in the building and what we're what's on the other side.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But.
Mike Sackton: None of them can be seen by the clairvoyance sensor. Right.
Tim Sackton: None of them. None of them were inside the. They must be in rooms that are
Tim Sackton: on the perimeter. None of them were inside the main room.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Good to know.
Tim Sackton: I mean, that's basically the sense you get when you there. It's not one big group of 12.
Tim Sackton: I'm
Tim Sackton: it's 3 groups
Tim Sackton: like in different rooms here
Tim Sackton: here.
Tim Sackton: and sort of
Tim Sackton: but like
Tim Sackton: possibly, like your sense from the layout is, maybe they're guarding doors.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay. Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Since I can sense the portal like, where are they? Is it? Is there a sense of like where they are relative to the portal.
Tim Sackton: The portals. Right in the middle of this building, in the state.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I'm here.
Tim Sackton: Courtyard as the giant monster.
Tim Sackton: The the groups of Murphok seem to be
Tim Sackton: perimeter positions.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So possibly guarding doors. Not in the same room as the muster, but the building itself. I mean, it's big, but it's not enormous.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, is there any way we're getting through this without fighting that monster.
Kate Sackton: Well. So if dealt with sickening radiance, thing drives the monster directly back into the portal cause it can't go through any of, and cause. There's nowhere else for it to go, and it doesn't yelp too loud. So the 12 people don't run in to try to help it, and then have to face the sickening radiance themselves. But even if they run in to help the monster, and then they face the sickening radius, they'll try to get out of the sickening radiance. Then we drop the sickening radiance we go through.
Kate Sackton: Then we don't have to fight any of the Murph who are on this side of the portal. We only have to fight the monster on the other side.
Mike Sackton: The question is, are we.
Kate Sackton: Or on the other side.
Mike Sackton: Are we better fighting the monster in a known train where it's gonna summon help from a group of
Mike Sackton: from bunch of groups of these, Murf, are we better trying to drive it through the portal and then go through the portal potentially
Mike Sackton: with who knows what I mean? We could go through the portal invisibly. 4 of us could right
Mike Sackton: buy it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, let's we could sneak right through.
Mike Sackton: Try and sneak past the monster that seems like a stretch swimming
Mike Sackton: hard to hard to
Mike Sackton: that I would not.
Eric Rosenbaum: We just need a diversion.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can animate a creature to like. Try to come in the front door.
Mike Sackton: True.
Mike Sackton: we could do the version approach.
Mike Sackton: let's okay.
Mike Sackton: Is anybody gonna try and dimension door into the building? Or does that seem too dangerous. Should we try to just get to the kelp
Mike Sackton: as a starting spot.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But it.
Mike Sackton: Or should only 3 of us go to the kelp and then
Mike Sackton: telepathically talk to the people. Still, OP.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Who would potentially.
Mike Sackton: Actually dimension door, depending on the report from the people who go to the kelp.
Kate Sackton: Probably the order we would do it in. I think.
Tim Sackton: So remember, as soon as you leave the
Tim Sackton: protection of the sentient ocean. Unless you're invisible.
Tim Sackton: you're swimming through open ocean. You are automatically spawned.
Kate Sackton: And we're invisible.
Tim Sackton: Invisible implies style checks, but at this distance it's gonna be hard to fail.
Mike Sackton: The only other final question is, Do we want a distraction of some kind.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, what would be coming in the front door that would take them a while to sort out what it was.
Mike Sackton: Well, no, I just meant distraction from the various guards out here. Should we like
Mike Sackton: create some.
Eric Rosenbaum: It would work for all of them.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Big crab.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, but a a crab that's like covered with nasty kelp. Also.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's like, not totally clear from looking at it like, what is that thing is that a crab like
Eric Rosenbaum: what's the maximum size? I can do phone to creation?
Eric Rosenbaum: A huge
Eric Rosenbaum: that sounds good.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then oh, but can I animate it.
Eric Rosenbaum: If it's huge.
Eric Rosenbaum: no large or smaller.
Eric Rosenbaum: that right.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: So can make a large
Eric Rosenbaum: kelp covered
Eric Rosenbaum: crab.
Eric Rosenbaum: It will be up here with us.
Eric Rosenbaum: Could I, Dimension Doriate.
Mike Sackton: I think you have to go with the dimension door.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can't just.
Tim Sackton: Can't. Just yeah, yeah, it has to be
Tim Sackton: You can't just shove it through. You have to travel with that.
Eric Rosenbaum: And
Eric Rosenbaum: so it would drop from where we are.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: But like nobody's watching from the rear
Eric Rosenbaum: of the temple, right?
Eric Rosenbaum: All the guards we've seen are on the other side. In other words, the north side, I mean.
Tim Sackton: I'm back.
Eric Rosenbaum: There!
Tim Sackton: So so this backside right here drops into a still living kelp forest.
Tim Sackton: So that is less watch. There is a patrol here
Tim Sackton: moving through this open space here and there's a patrol here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Whom.
Tim Sackton: And there's the like slaves and guards here
Tim Sackton: and there's some weird monster here.
Eric Rosenbaum: It was a bit over like.
Tim Sackton: This. This calf on this side doesn't seem to be.
Tim Sackton: It's tangled, it's dense, it's still alive.
Tim Sackton: That that northwest side is definitely less visible.
Tim Sackton: I mean something might see a giant
Tim Sackton: crab falling through from the ocean still, but.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, we'll attract attention in that direction. That's not bad. Okay.
Kate Sackton: Oh, I think that was isn't that sort of the direction we want to come from, because it's like the least
Kate Sackton: hot currency.
Eric Rosenbaum: I suppose.
Mike Sackton: But doesn't matter. You're gonna control.
Tim Sackton: Water control water
Tim Sackton: can stop the current.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright, so I will! I will animate this creature, I will! I will create it and animate it.
Eric Rosenbaum: I haven't done that before of like performance of creation, something that is like, not a living creature, and then animating it. So it's like a sort of simulacrum crab, like a
Eric Rosenbaum: animatronic crab.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I mean, it's not. It's not a like. It's not. If I don't think you can create a
Tim Sackton: extremely lifelike creature right? It doesn't look like a
Tim Sackton: actual crab. It looks like a
Tim Sackton: statue of a crab that's animated and running around.
Eric Rosenbaum: But you'd only really be able to tell that from up close underwater.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, from from
Tim Sackton: 80 feet away or 200 feet away in
Tim Sackton: murky water. You?
Tim Sackton: Yes, you might see something falling to the water, but it would look like a large shape
Tim Sackton: like you wouldn't be able to see any detail.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then
Eric Rosenbaum: it has a speed of 30 feet, so it could presumably, but sort of like
Eric Rosenbaum: claw its way around to an entrance of the building.
Eric Rosenbaum: And yeah.
Mike Sackton: We want this to be
Mike Sackton: noticeable.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well.
Eric Rosenbaum: it should be
Eric Rosenbaum: not so visible while drifting through the water.
Eric Rosenbaum: but it should noticeably try to like force its way into the building.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: So
Mike Sackton: then Dellf is gonna cast invisible.
Mike Sackton: Rizzo's gonna gas control water
Mike Sackton: and dealt with Kenzo and
Mike Sackton: Well, B are going to head for the roof.
Tim Sackton: So who's invisible?
Mike Sackton: Now with Kenzo, Wellbee and Briswin may as well be invisible, too, or seeker one of the 2 of you.
Kate Sackton: Seek her hand to mention door.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I'll wait. I'll wait for your
Eric Rosenbaum: signal. It's a dimension door myself.
Tim Sackton: Our side. Oh, wait!
Mike Sackton: Are you coming with us risen, trying to swim down with us as well? Are you staying up with seeker.
Kate Sackton: How much
Kate Sackton: controlling water am I doing from.
Tim Sackton: The range of control. Water is 300 feet. You can control any like. You have no issue with controlling water from a place of safety.
Kate Sackton: And okay.
Kate Sackton: Oh, then I guess I can just do that.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so so let me narrate.
Tim Sackton: Tell me if this is all like, if I'm missing
Tim Sackton: before I resolve any actions. Okay, so
Tim Sackton: as you concoct your plan. Hidden in the protection of the
Tim Sackton: Bente and ocean.
Tim Sackton: a number of things happen at once.
Tim Sackton: A giant stone animatronic crab appears
Tim Sackton: and begins.
Tim Sackton: is animated, and then begins drifting down
Tim Sackton: towards the which entrance which side of the building is it drifting down.
Eric Rosenbaum: This sort of like North
Eric Rosenbaum: West. I was thinking of putting it here
Eric Rosenbaum: 5 min like.
Tim Sackton: The north.
Eric Rosenbaum: Around.
Tim Sackton: The northwest corner.
Eric Rosenbaum: But where's the.
Tim Sackton: More money.
Eric Rosenbaum: Entrance to that.
Tim Sackton: Well, if you go. Based on where the
Tim Sackton: the
Tim Sackton: Murph were from Kenzo's sense, the the
Tim Sackton: 2 main groups of Murpho are here, and here.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll put them close to this rear group.
Tim Sackton: Okay. But you know.
Mike Sackton: We want it right next to the rear group, because we want to attract them away from the door.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right? So yeah, I'll stick with that idea in this top left corner.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: so top left corner crowd.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And.
Eric Rosenbaum: And it's gonna fall out to kelp on.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: with streaming out behind that.
Tim Sackton: Thank you.
Tim Sackton: At the same time, I'm expecting a dolly image of this at some point. Eric.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll I'll try.
Tim Sackton: The animatronic stone crab, then at the same time
Tim Sackton: dealt with risen Kenzo and and well be vanish as dealt with finishes casting invisibility, and at the same time risen, reaches out to the brows out.
Tim Sackton: holds up her hand, and parts the oceans.
Tim Sackton: stopping the current. What what is it? How big in the area does it affect.
Kate Sackton: 100.
Tim Sackton: 20 feet, 50 feet, something.
Kate Sackton: I can choose flowing water to move
Kate Sackton: a cube.
Tim Sackton: 100 feet on a side.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So that's like
Tim Sackton: the entire roof of this building. Basically, the current ceases.
Tim Sackton: So are you? Yeah, the current thesis,
Mike Sackton: Can you make it go in opposite direction? Can you make it actually flow the opposite way, so that the water coming in here is not coming from the hot sides.
Tim Sackton: You could part the water. So then the water fills in with the
Tim Sackton: cold ocean around you.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: You can, only you can't redirect you. Just all the current in the queue has to be flowing in the same direction, right?
Tim Sackton: So you can't make it go this or something, but you could.
Kate Sackton: I think here, where's the like? Little I can draw some, but.
Mike Sackton: The hot is coming from us. One direction, right? If you just push against the hot, presumably it'll work as well.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Redirect the hot sort of towards the can. You see me
Kate Sackton: drawing a measuring line.
Mike Sackton: Now.
Tim Sackton: No, I can't.
Kate Sackton: Mouse.
Tim Sackton: I get what you're trying to. Yeah, yeah, I see.
Kate Sackton: Like if I divert the
Kate Sackton: the hot water coming from the west
Kate Sackton: to go south
Kate Sackton: towards the pool.
Kate Sackton: just get it. Go around the edge of the building instead of over the top building, right.
Tim Sackton: I I got what you're trying to do.
Kate Sackton: That I'm pretty happy with that.
Tim Sackton: Powerful spell here.
Tim Sackton: So the current shifts. And this is this is fairly. All of this, so far, is fairly subtle, even to a certain extent the fallen crab, which is, you know, 3, 4, 350 feet from the closest patrol.
Tim Sackton: the 3 of you who are beginning to swim down now stealthily. So Kenzo Welby, and dealt with make stealth checks with advantage
Tim Sackton: all the.
Mike Sackton: 19.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 18.
Tim Sackton: yeah, no. 18 is fine. That's that's
Tim Sackton: So the water stops
Tim Sackton: and the
Tim Sackton: crab
Tim Sackton: slowly sinks.
Tim Sackton: Well, be as you're swimming down
Tim Sackton: through the
Tim Sackton: that now.
Tim Sackton: Avoiding the hot current through the now redirected cool water.
Tim Sackton: you do notice?
Tim Sackton: the.
Tim Sackton: It doesn't seem like anybody noticed the crab as it was falling through the
Tim Sackton: through the water, down like this, but as it reaches the top of the kelp and the kelp fronds begin, you know, moving and parting as it begins to crush you, you hear what sounds like swimming below you.
Tim Sackton: Possibly
Tim Sackton: these guards. If Kenza Kenza's sense isn't continuous, so you can't sense him. But somebody's definitely swimming around in the kelp below.
Mike Sackton: Do we want the crab to be even more obvious? Should I? Minor illusion? A roar, or something like that?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Or have it like whack the ground with the plus.
Tim Sackton: I mean the crab is perfectly capable of making noise if seekers so.
Mike Sackton: Now that's.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I wasn't sure if it could.
Tim Sackton: I mean it can't speak, but it can bang its stone claws together. That would be pretty loud.
Mike Sackton: Alright! Then I will leave.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, for.
Mike Sackton: Eager to do what he's doing.
Eric Rosenbaum: I I make it do. Some clock clicks.
Eric Rosenbaum: Men.
Tim Sackton: So the 3 of you land without incident on the slimy.
Mike Sackton: Well.
Tim Sackton: Right? 9.
Mike Sackton: Landing, floating. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Yeah. Okay, right above the slimy, matted roof of the
Tim Sackton: of this building.
Tim Sackton: you can now all hear sounds as
Tim Sackton: somebody is like rushing to
Tim Sackton: something's serving through the calp.
Tim Sackton: You can't see anything at all in in the bottom of the count, although now that the crab is sunk to the bottom.
Tim Sackton: There's like a
Tim Sackton: opening, although the calp sort of swirls around above it now and now the crab isn't visible to you.
Tim Sackton: It is.
Mike Sackton: This roof.
Mike Sackton: It's
Mike Sackton: partable
Mike Sackton: like it's.
Mike Sackton: is it?
Tim Sackton: You can't see anything through it. There's no gaps. It seems quite thick.
Mike Sackton: Okay. But like it's not.
Mike Sackton: it's thick enough that you would have to try and cut it, or something like that.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah, you can't. Just you definitely couldn't just push your hand through or anything like that.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: I guess I'll
Mike Sackton: cut a small.
Mike Sackton: I mean my weapons gonna be invisible right.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Mike Sackton: So I'll
Mike Sackton: cut a small gap. I'll try and just cut, still without
Mike Sackton: touching it. Just kinda floating. Just trying cut like
Mike Sackton: wine
Mike Sackton: through the roof.
Eric Rosenbaum: Little rough place.
Tim Sackton: So you you start to like
Tim Sackton: cut through this calf, and it's
Tim Sackton: I mean, it works.
Tim Sackton: The the rotting fawns are parting, and and is like a little bit of a sort of
Tim Sackton: off of like
Tim Sackton: dirt or slime, or something that puffs up into the air a little bit as you cut
Tim Sackton: as you begin to cut. It's like
Tim Sackton: probably
Tim Sackton: 10 or 15 feet of matted material.
Mike Sackton: So it's super thick going down.
Tim Sackton: It's thick going down. It is. Gonna take it's I mean, you could definitely cut through it. But it's slow going. It would take some time at least 15 or 20 min to cut through it.
Mike Sackton: Not gonna spend. I mean, I'm only gonna spend 10 s trying to.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Mike Sackton: Like, I'm not taking a lot of time here. I'm just okay. Fine. It's it's.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you can like push your sword slowly through, and your sword doesn't clearly doesn't pierce all the way through the length of your sword.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: And it takes effort to like.
Mike Sackton: Right, right, right, right.
Tim Sackton: Part of this is.
Mike Sackton: So it's it's functionally a room.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: There's it's not like.
Mike Sackton: is it?
Mike Sackton: I guess, whether it's water tight or not doesn't really help
Tim Sackton: What are you doing?
Tim Sackton: Perched on the roof.
Tim Sackton: floating right above the roof?
Tim Sackton: Now sounds
Tim Sackton: clack! Clock of the crab.
Tim Sackton: What if you seeker Eric. First seeker. What have you told the crowd to do if it
Tim Sackton: sees anybody.
Eric Rosenbaum: Try to,
Eric Rosenbaum: you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Grab at them with pinchers, but also, like constantly run back
Eric Rosenbaum: if attacked.
Eric Rosenbaum: So harassing, and then retreating.
Tim Sackton: Guy.
Mike Sackton: So
Mike Sackton: are we trying to? I'll just. I assume we are telepathy up.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Mike Sackton: Are we trying to just
Mike Sackton: get into this space?
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: If you can't cut yourself, people, and do the the step with the
Kate Sackton: spell, then I guess you just have to go in.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): See about other entrances.
Kate Sackton: I mean. The good thing is, you don't fall off the roof when you're swimming above a roof, you just sort of swim around side.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I mean, well, be. You should
Mike Sackton: maybe go investigate, see if there's a proper entrance. I mean.
Mike Sackton: I have ways I could get through, but they're expensive. Spell wise.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, m.
Tim Sackton: yep. So
Tim Sackton: even just peering over the side, you can clearly see that there's a a entrance, not even a door just like an OA big opening in
Tim Sackton: the sort of wall of columns
Tim Sackton: on this side.
Mike Sackton: It doesn't hold on. It doesn't come out to the Corvi sensor. I guess the carbon voice sensor is gone because performance of creation
Mike Sackton: also as a concentration.
Tim Sackton: No
Tim Sackton: performance of creation isn't concentration.
Mike Sackton: Clairvoyance.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Clerval.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right. That's true.
Tim Sackton: Lasts.
Mike Sackton: I think it's 10 min, or maybe an hour.
Tim Sackton: 10 min has passed.
Mike Sackton: I guess probably 10 min has passed.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it only lasts 10 min. So this is past. In the time that you've.
Mike Sackton: But.
Tim Sackton: Done all this. But
Tim Sackton: what do you mean? Doesn't come out to the.
Mike Sackton: So the space the monster was in
Mike Sackton: was not open to the columns right there.
Tim Sackton: No, no, no, it's a courtyard inside.
Tim Sackton: like. Imagine a Italian bill.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Courtyard in the middle, right? Yeah. And rooms around the outside.
Mike Sackton: So.
Mike Sackton: Are there doors into the courtyard that we can see.
Tim Sackton: See? How would you see them?
Mike Sackton: Boy terrible.
Tim Sackton: And sensor. Yes.
Tim Sackton: there are doors into the courtyard. There's like
Tim Sackton: 2 doors on the north wall.
Tim Sackton: Sorry, just checking my map. 2 doors on the north wall.
Tim Sackton: one door on the south wall, one door on each of the east and west walls.
Mike Sackton: So, and then the columns
Mike Sackton: enter into.
Tim Sackton: The north and south wall of the building are like columns with kelp growing up of them in the.
Tim Sackton: You haven't seen the south wall. Clearly, you've only seen the bright distance while beeking over the side of the north wall
Tim Sackton: can see there's the columns like are a line, and there's a there's like a wall. But behind them.
Tim Sackton: in between the middle 2 columns it's just a gap that leads into the interior of the building.
Mike Sackton: So it's basically a
Mike Sackton: doorway into
Mike Sackton: a room that potentially goes through. Yeah, okay.
Tim Sackton: Exactly
Tim Sackton: You now hear sounds of as well, these peeking over the side. You can also see the kelp sort of moving violently to the northwest, and sounds of what seem like
Tim Sackton: crab.
Tim Sackton: and serves
Tim Sackton: whashing against tweers.
Mike Sackton: We should go now, I think, when we have a distraction.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's actually the whole point of diversion.
Tim Sackton: So dropdown stealth.
Tim Sackton: Shaq
Tim Sackton: actually hold off on the stuff. You drop over the side into the north wall. What's happening to seeker and risen.
Tim Sackton: It's okay. And.
Kate Sackton: Just to mention George to that same room that they're going into.
Kate Sackton: But where you're going.
Eric Rosenbaum: Second.
Kate Sackton: How good of a sense do you need of where you're going?
Kate Sackton: 2 dimensions.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't think I need much cause I.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, this way.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just a.
Tim Sackton: You just need to say.
Tim Sackton: 200 feet northwest and 30 feet down.
Kate Sackton: Right.
Kate Sackton: Do you wanna beat them into the room and just go straight to the monster or you wanna meet them in the room when we're trying to find a door to the monster.
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's arrive at the same moment as then. He'll wait
Eric Rosenbaum: till they go, and then we'll go.
Eric Rosenbaum: We're just.
Kate Sackton: Go straight to the monster when they get to the monsters. What you're saying.
Eric Rosenbaum: We will briefly coordinate
Eric Rosenbaum: Fellow Party Members.
Tim Sackton: Sao.
Tim Sackton: you drop down.
Tim Sackton: sneaking
Tim Sackton: quietly through, and so
Tim Sackton: on this side
Tim Sackton: you can see that the while the southern, the southern side of the building was clearer. On the north side. This, like kelp forest, grows, basically is overgrown like right up to the edge of the building. So as you sort of
Tim Sackton: inch your way down the side of the building, you're actually sort of dropping through and into this calp
Tim Sackton: and as you do like it's
Tim Sackton: fairly den.
Tim Sackton: And so, as you begin to drop down like
Tim Sackton: your perception of the area around you becomes
Tim Sackton: substantially
Tim Sackton: less like you don't have. You have a very limited field of vision, but you can see the wall of this building as you're dropping down. You land
Tim Sackton: right in front of these columns looking into this interior room.
Tim Sackton: which at the moment seems to be empty. But there's
Tim Sackton: like a rack on the side that has, you know, a dozen spears.
Tim Sackton: and what seems like
Tim Sackton: obvious signs of recent occupation.
Mike Sackton: And is there a door on the other side?
Mike Sackton: But.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. So right? So inside the room there's door. There's no door on the back wall.
Tim Sackton: So the south wall is a door to the east, in the west.
Kate Sackton: Boomer.
Tim Sackton: So you enter this room.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I think we'll just yeah. Let's just go
Mike Sackton: east.
Mike Sackton: Still. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: And who's still invisible.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, we're still invisible.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So now it's been about. I don't know.
Tim Sackton: 1520 min since you've casting visibility.
Tim Sackton: none of these doors are actually doors. They're just.
Mike Sackton: Just openings.
Tim Sackton: Openings, and as you drop down and you sort of enter into this room and look, you can see the
Tim Sackton: the sort of North
Tim Sackton: western side of the building. Looks
Tim Sackton: like you can see through the next drug into
Tim Sackton: a room that's like overgrown. This is to the west side that's overgrown with
Tim Sackton: kalp that's like
Tim Sackton: growing up into the ceiling almost, it seems like.
Tim Sackton: and seems to be sort of
Tim Sackton: waving almost intentionally.
Tim Sackton: Then, looking to the east, you can see
Tim Sackton: what looks like a
Tim Sackton: a hallway, like a row of
Tim Sackton: a row of columns along each side that opens up into a into a more
Tim Sackton: a more sub substantial room, where it looks like there's a door
Tim Sackton: to the south, so into the potentially into the courtyard. But you'd have to creep up and look around.
Mike Sackton: I think we go that way.
Mike Sackton: We should stay away from the kelp, the overgrown kelp right.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: moving moving stealthily.
Tim Sackton: Now everybody makes stealth, checks.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Advantage or just stuff.
Tim Sackton: No
Tim Sackton: no advantage here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 25.
Mike Sackton: Daven.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: as you step into this room.
Tim Sackton: the
Tim Sackton: so so okay, so just to be clear, you've got you like, enter into this east passage.
Tim Sackton: There's like a row of columns that divide what is now a large, like a space into 3 areas, the like northern area.
Tim Sackton: the corridor and the southern area.
Tim Sackton: and there's a large opening in the southern area that as you
Tim Sackton: spin around that as you enter, you can see looking to that that leads directly into the courtyard.
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: as you
Tim Sackton: swim through
Tim Sackton: you hear
Tim Sackton: the noise of this creature.
Tim Sackton: the large creature in the courtyard that obviously makes a lot of noise as it moves
Tim Sackton: like swimming.
Tim Sackton: You hear it swimming around actively
Tim Sackton: in your
Tim Sackton: direction.
Tim Sackton: dealt with.
Tim Sackton: Make
Tim Sackton: a
Tim Sackton: oh, no, wait. Sorry. Never mind.
Tim Sackton: don't do anything
Tim Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: We're not blundering about like blithering idiots, right like we're moving slowly and carefully.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Mike Sackton: If there's sounds of movement
Mike Sackton: around the corner like
Mike Sackton: I'm trying to picture.
Mike Sackton: We came out.
Mike Sackton: but we knew there was a big opening right.
Kate Sackton: Yep.
Mike Sackton: So we're.
Tim Sackton: So it's sort of like.
Mike Sackton: Trying to look around the opening
Mike Sackton: rate.
Tim Sackton: Here, roughly speaking.
Kate Sackton: Speaker, you're ready to head in.
Eric Rosenbaum: Ready as ready as I'll be here.
Mike Sackton: I just.
Mike Sackton: Dallas has no intention of just swimming into the area right.
Tim Sackton: No, no, no, you're not swimming into the.
Tim Sackton: You're not swimming into the open court.
Tim Sackton: You're swimming into the room right.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So you're in this room. But now you can see into the court.
Tim Sackton: or at least
Tim Sackton: you can see that this door leads into.
Mike Sackton: Prior. I'm just saying we would carefully peer around the door, not just swim past it.
Tim Sackton: No, you're not swimming past it.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: there's something I'm not envisioning here about how it would be possible for the creature to see anybody who's invisible.
Tim Sackton: It wouldn't be possible to see it would be possible for it to hear your movement.
Tim Sackton: D and D rules. Do not say that invisibility makes you undetectable.
Mike Sackton: Well, okay, I guess.
Mike Sackton: How much movement do you make floating through the water? How much noise do you make? I guess maybe you make.
Tim Sackton: I mean a fair bit, unless you're being stealthy.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. Here.
Tim Sackton: Anyway, that's the situation right now. You're now in this room, and never. I didn't get a chance.
Mike Sackton: I don't know what room.
Tim Sackton: Look at the very bottom of the map.
Mike Sackton: Oh, I see! That was hidden.
Tim Sackton: So this is this.
Eric Rosenbaum: In, the.
Tim Sackton: You went this way. There's like
Tim Sackton: columns that run down the center of this room, and then this
Tim Sackton: passage that leads south.
Tim Sackton: and you can now hear the noise of.
Tim Sackton: I mean.
Tim Sackton: th. There's a lot there's like a decent amount of noise around as creatures swim through like
Tim Sackton: big
Tim Sackton: creature like this thing inside the courtyard is not being, is not, is making noise as it moves. You can hear the sounds.
Tim Sackton: and you definitely can hear the sound of it
Tim Sackton: coming in your direction to
Tim Sackton: stick its head in this door, but obviously you can't fit through the door. Our door is way too small.
Mike Sackton: Wow! Let's stop.
Tim Sackton: You see for a moment just this head with these tentacles stick through.
Tim Sackton: It seems to be
Tim Sackton: like
Tim Sackton: looking around quickly.
Tim Sackton: pauses for a moment.
Mike Sackton: We can't really from here we can't really see.
Mike Sackton: I'm trying to figure out where in the this room.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Mike Sackton: So we came through this door and like, it's sticking its head through this door. Okay? And can we see what's on the other side of the door.
Mike Sackton: is it? It's an open passageway, not.
Tim Sackton: It's open. But but no, because you're trying. You're like, stop.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Press against the wall, so it doesn't.
Tim Sackton: Know where you are. Precisely.
Tim Sackton: It sort of pokes its head through, and its head itself is like maybe 5 feet big. There's these tentacles kind of flailing around in the water.
Mike Sackton: I'm just wondering if we should
Mike Sackton: attack it right now.
Mike Sackton: I guess everybody can do what they're gonna do.
Tim Sackton: It looks.
Tim Sackton: and then it's sort of
Tim Sackton: retreats slightly.
Tim Sackton: and as it does it like grabs a handful of something, and like Yanks, and this like pile of sludge, like
Tim Sackton: falls down, and of this like rotted kelp, like falls down in front of this open.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like to conceal it, or.
Tim Sackton: Blocking it just so that if anything swims through it'll be abundantly obvious, because you have to. You'll move the.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: so risen! I think we should wait until
Eric Rosenbaum: they've got its attention in one direction, and then we can appear from the other side.
Mike Sackton: Brisbane's still invisible, too.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, and I'm
Eric Rosenbaum: not, and.
Mike Sackton: And only make 4 people invisible.
Eric Rosenbaum: I will draw fire, no matter what.
Tim Sackton: Seeker's favorite position to be in.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll just stay up here. It's fine.
Kate Sackton: You could appear we could appear in the other room, or you wouldn't necessarily. You'd only be inside of any Murphl that came into that room.
Kate Sackton: If you want to avoid the monster of seeing you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, you mean in this hallway, here.
Kate Sackton: Yeah. But then.
Kate Sackton: going through the muck would make it.
Kate Sackton: It would know that I was there, cause I'm
Kate Sackton: but not.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Brisbane, as always. You're probably right.
Eric Rosenbaum: We should, we should
Eric Rosenbaum: we should go into here. Is that what you're saying? The little antechamber room.
Mike Sackton: No, but.
Kate Sackton: Know.
Mike Sackton: You shouldn't. You should go into the room with the bad guy. Once we come into the room with the bad guy.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's what I was thinking. But then I'll be in that room with a bad guy is a problem. But yes, okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: But but yeah.
Kate Sackton: Noticed them, because they'll move them up so.
Mike Sackton: Not, does, I mean not necessarily. If.
Tim Sackton: And my own other ways to do.
Mike Sackton: I mean on how we go through.
Mike Sackton: Right?
Mike Sackton: The question is, what's the best option in terms of
Mike Sackton: do you want to try and stay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think I mean I can sneak ahead.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Let's see
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): at least see what's down that way.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh.
Tim Sackton: Continuing, going in this direction.
Mike Sackton: Like, just go around.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Which, sorry and sorry to subway, I missed that which direction is the portal itself in? Do we know.
Tim Sackton: The portal is here, the portals. So this is the north wall of
Tim Sackton: this is a blow up of this wall here.
Tim Sackton: This is like a a antechamber.
Tim Sackton: There's a room with columns here that has a door opening up that goes into the courtyard where the portal is, and then
Tim Sackton: this. Then there's another.
Tim Sackton: There's another, and I'm drawing these as doors, but none of them actually have doors. They're all just openings. There's another
Tim Sackton: passageway continuing east.
Tim Sackton: But this entry way is one of the entries that Seeker saw with clairvoyance that leads into the courtyard in the port.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean, why don't I at least stealth over to the East
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): to see what's there, and then come back, and we.
Mike Sackton: Sure. I mean, if there's another entrance, we could use the a different entrance right unless it's going and pulling kelp down, and all the entrances
Mike Sackton: right and so.
Kate Sackton: More entrance, seeking we do the sooner the
Kate Sackton: dozen Murph are gonna come back from investigating the stone crab.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, we should move quickly, but Wellbe can sneak around.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The quarter week. That doesn't. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Well, the pokes his head through this entry way, and
Tim Sackton: you can see here there's a this is a
Tim Sackton: this looks like a corner room.
Tim Sackton: it's a big room.
Tim Sackton: It looks like possibly a
Tim Sackton: meeting room, hard like
Tim Sackton: it's all. None of it's very intact. But you can see that there's
Tim Sackton: maybe what would have been, not
Tim Sackton: tables, but it's almost like there's
Tim Sackton: like twisted vines of kelp that grow up
Tim Sackton: in positions all around the room where people would have like
Tim Sackton: stood around somehow, like it's not the exact
Tim Sackton: exactly how it would have worked. Seems a little bit alien and hard to figure out. But there's like these gathering points of living kelp growing up through the center.
Tim Sackton: Scattered about a dozen of them around this this large room like twice the size of this other room.
Tim Sackton: but it's a corner.
Tim Sackton: and it goes continues
Tim Sackton: south.
Tim Sackton: There's like these
Tim Sackton: spots, these like
Tim Sackton: points.
Tim Sackton: They they would be sort of more open, so that, like, there's an open area not drawing the super. Well, I ran out of time to actually make and.
Mike Sackton: Out of curiosity is the
Mike Sackton: thing that he pulled out that the thing Guy pulled down.
Mike Sackton: It doesn't actually block our vision right like you could still cast a spell through the.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, you could still catch the spell through it. All it does is
Tim Sackton: it makes it basically impossible to pass through
Tim Sackton: that doorway stealthily.
Mike Sackton: Trap.
Tim Sackton: Anyway, there's like this collection that that sort of form, a circle with an open space in the middle
Tim Sackton: almost, maybe, looking at it. Now you're like, almost maybe the stage
Tim Sackton: in the middle, with, like.
Tim Sackton: you know.
Tim Sackton: seats such as these are seats like pieces of rope for people to hang up on so they can be in 3 dimensions somehow.
Tim Sackton: but this is clearly like a big room, a gathering room, a place
Tim Sackton: where people gathered, and there is a set of double doors on the south.
Tim Sackton: on the south wall.
Tim Sackton: there is currently nothing here but well, be with your perception.
Tim Sackton: There's definitely
Tim Sackton: traffic that's moved through here frequently. So like he's
Tim Sackton: the like, vines are pushed out of the way to clear out sort of basically a direct passage
Tim Sackton: like through. Like clearly this has been, this is a room that has
Tim Sackton: activity in it, although
Tim Sackton: theoretically most of the
Tim Sackton: guards rushed out to investigate the stone crab.
Mike Sackton: How big is the courtyard.
Tim Sackton: So the courtyard is about.
Tim Sackton: It's it's longer this way, east-west than it is north, south.
Tim Sackton: It's about a hundred feet
Tim Sackton: from one end to the other, east, west, and about 50 feet from one end to the other, north, south.
Tim Sackton: Roughly, this is like what Seeker would have judged from Claire.
Mike Sackton: Chair.
Mike Sackton: I think we just we have to move on this thing right now.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Let's just rush it.
Mike Sackton: Does anybody wanna still be invisible?
Mike Sackton: My plan is to
Mike Sackton: new tactic. I'm still gonna cast ticking radians. Guess what I know how to do now
Mike Sackton: I could make the 5 of us immune to it.
Mike Sackton: What else.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm already even doing it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Dude.
Mike Sackton: So new plan, second in Radians centered on the portal.
Mike Sackton: Get to the portal as quick as possible. If it wants to fight us, it's gotta go in the sickening radiance.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sneaky.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Techmates.
Eric Rosenbaum: Acting.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Kate Sackton: Alright, if we're attending, that's awesome.
Mike Sackton: That will drop the invisibility. So if anybody wants to make a move within visibility first, you gotta do it before I do that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Let's get in the courtyard.
Mike Sackton: I mean. My plan was to cast a spell from outside.
Tim Sackton: So can I just pause here for a sec. It's
Tim Sackton: it's 1136,
Tim Sackton: conceivably. If your plan works and your goal is to not actually try and kill the thing, but just rush through
Tim Sackton: to the portal. You might be able to accomplish that in 30 min.
Tim Sackton: but it might also.
Tim Sackton: I'm flexible either way. We could also just stop here before rolling initiative, so that we don't have to stop in the middle of initiative.
Mike Sackton: I would vote.
Mike Sackton: Stop! Well, I would vote. Stop here! When are we playing it? We're not. It's not that long till we're playing again. Right.
Tim Sackton: Well, it's like 2 weeks.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, and we need to change the day.
Tim Sackton: Oh, right? We have a scheduling problem.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Nineteenth has changed. Yep.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think it's top here makes sense.
Mike Sackton: I think, because otherwise
Mike Sackton: it's gonna feel rushed.
Mike Sackton: And we might decide. We want to try and kill. I'm not sure we want to try and rush through. I think we're actually better off trying to kill it on this side.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So it's not waiting for us when.
Mike Sackton: So it's not waiting for us, or it doesn't follow us. Right? So I think we're gonna try and kill it unless it seems.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You can't teleport
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: good, I mean.
Tim Sackton: The
Tim Sackton: from the plane of water you could
Tim Sackton: rainbow Bridge, but seekers teleport spell only works on the same plane.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But we could ramble rich.
Mike Sackton: Only that's that's the like. We failed and are about to die. What's Rainbow Bridge?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why, why? Why can't we get the jade and then rave our bridge.
Mike Sackton: Oh, we can't, but the jade is presumably not just sitting in a box on the other side of the plane of letter is a little jade. Here, please take me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm just saying like the whole like worried about the monster on the other side.
Mike Sackton: I'm not worried about the muster. No, no, we're not coming back through here. Once we get the jade, we're absolutely rainbow bridging. I'm worried about it coming through after us.
Tim Sackton: Chase you.
Mike Sackton: I'm worried about it chasing us right? I'm worried about weaving an enemy behind us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Got it better to kill it here, as opposed to go through.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, and we seem to have a pretty good position here.
Mike Sackton: like the if we can kill it quickly before the Murf come back
Mike Sackton: and then get through, I think, where I would. I think we we surprise it and try and take it down
Mike Sackton: rather than
Mike Sackton: anything, and I think we're better off doing that when it's not 1140 at night.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, sweet.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so let's stop there.
Tim Sackton: But we do need to try and figure out our scheduling, because
Tim Sackton: Schwartz has a conflict on the.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah. So June nineteenth does not work for me.